On the Unstable SMP,  over 1000 players have been captured and forced to fight inside the largest HUNGER GAMES arena on the server. This is the full story of what happened...
— 
SpokeIsHere

1000 Players Simulate HUNGER GAMES in Hardcore Minecraft
 is the 141st episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

Spoke explains that he is trapped in a placed called 
Purgatory
 and the evil leader, 
JamatoP
, is forcing them to play a game to the death and the person who wins supposidly gains freedom from the prison. As the game starts hundreds of players instantly die. Spoke flees from the center into a snowy biome section and begins to search for loot. He uses a bow to kill a player and obtain an iron axe among other things. After gaining more gear, he comes across a copper chest containing diamonds and a golden apple. Taking these, he attacks a team of players on a mountain to get the loot they took from some other copper chests. He obtains a diamond axe as well as several enchanted books. He climbs up the highest mountain to better get a lay of the land. He sees a giant wall that stretches farther than he can see but is eventually forced to leave the high ground as a stacked team shows up. He decides that the best thing he can do is find some friends he can team with. Much to his luck, he sees 
Mapicc
 not far away. Spoke approaches his friend, but Mapicc is a lot less friendly and attacks him. The pair argue and exchange blows until another team begins to shoot both of them. Mapicc concedes to a truce and they temporarily team up. They manage to kill the team and claim their enchanted armor. Spoke comes up with the idea to climb the wall and escape over the other side, but Mapicc doesn't think it'll work. Spoke tries anyway and is quickly caught by a 
NULL guard
 and sent back down with slow falling. Spoke changes his focus from the outer walls to the inner ones which he decides must lead to more of the arena and more players. 

The pair begin to explore deeper into the snowy biome and come across a giant stone castle, but the team there is openly hostile. Spoke and Mapicc decide to sneak into it to look for look but are quickly caught. The hostile team chases the pair about until Spoke surrenders and agrees to talk to the team leader: n3tm3tr1x or Matrix. Spoke gives up his enchanted books to give himself time before eventually telling Mapicc to run and fleeing the castle. They escape back to the mountains and discover probably the most stacked team in that quarter of the arena made a base there. They make a base themselves not far away and eventually decide to raid the stacked team. After making an emergency trap, they sneak over to the base. The pair dig around beneath the base until they're caught and forced to fight the team. They manage to get a couple kills and drive the team away. Spoke and Mapicc steal everything that they want from the base before heading back to their own. Spoke notices nametags and worries that while they were gone their base got raided. A player called 
Found2
 shows herself along with a couple of her teammates. Spoke is happy to see someone who he's on good terms with but Found is less happy. She explains that the base Spoke and Mapicc just raided was her team's base. Spoke tries to make it better by pointing out that they really didn't kill very many people but Found says that every person she knows is important. Spoke offers to join her team but Found also is against that because they have nothing to give her in exchange. Spoke argues back that he's not sure he can trust someone who he's pretty sure rigged his base to explode. To prove his point, he makes a pressure plate and places it underneath on of Found's teammates. Spoke and Mapicc run as TnT destroys the base and Found leaves.   

Mapicc is annoyed that everyone they come across seems to hate Spoke so much. The pair leave the now destroyed base to explore again and continue along until Mapicc sees nametags underground. They try and get closer to greet the team underground and 
DylPickle
 happily invites them in. He and his new pickle army help the pair make an enchantment table and Spoke begins to enchant things for them because he still has a ridiculous number of levels. As they attempt to do so, Dylan's army grows more and more desperate to steal the enchantment table and Spoke, Mapicc, and Dylan are forced to flee. The army chases them and the trio is forced to kill most of the players. They chase down a fully diamond armor player and manage to kill his dangerously close to the castle. They make a hole in the ground and Spoke enchants everything for everyone. They also make a sharpness five sword, which Spoke takes. Despite their newfound loot, the trio realizes they'll never win as a team with just three people. Spoke decides that they should attempt to team up with Found and her team. They find her near the center of the biome and Found agrees to Spoke proposition. She says there is one problem and it's that Matrix would likely try and kill them all as he's in this to win it for himself and only himself. Spoke agrees, and they come up with a plan where Found would take her team to the front and draw everyone's attention and Spoke and his team would circle around to the back and jump Matrix's team from there. They do so any Found's team begins to bomb the front. Spoke, Mapicc, and Dylan jump in from the back and the battle is over in minutes. Spoke corners Matrix and attempts to convince him to join them. Matrix refuses and uses ender pearls to escape.   

Spoke goes outside and waits for the inner walls (which he and Mapicc had discovered earlier were made of gravel) to come down and grant them access to the other parts of the arena. A horn sounds and Spoke, Mapicc, and Dylan quickly make their way from the snowy section to a jungle-like one as one of the gravel walls comes down. They come across what looks like an Aztec temple and approach the players there. Mapicc attacks one of the players and the trio is forced to fight the entire team. After winning the unnecessary fight, they climb to the top of a nearby tree to look around. Spoke sees three players at the base of the temple and realizes it's Found. They descend and Spoke asks why Found is there when he instructed them to stay at the castle. Found says she has some secret stashes she wanted to show them. She leads Spoke, Mapicc, Dylan, and her two teammates into a maze beneath the temple. Spoke dislikes the maze as it reminds him of a different 
maze
 he has been in. Found digs into a wall and shows everyone one of her stashes. As she explains this a player runs up behind her and instantly kills her. Everyone chases down the player and kills him. Spoke picks up a book signed by Jamato that reveals he bribed the player with freedom from the prison to hunt down and kill Found. Spoke complains about Jamato breaking his own rules of the games. They return to the stash and find it empty, likely stolen by some NULL guards. Mapicc spreads out the loot he had taken from the stash earlier between Spoke and Dylan and they all leave the maze. They separate from Found's teammates and head for a village they had seen from on top of the tree. Spoke tells Mapicc not to attack anyone this time and they should simply look for names they know. Upon not seeing anyone, they try the highest point around. They find 
Jumper
 at the top and Spoke is very excited to see her as he had given her something very important before the games had started. Jumper is a little nervous as every other player she'd been around for a little had tried to kill her but calms down and leads the trio into an underground room. Spoke shows her the bounty book and asks for the OP weapon he gave her. She is reluctant because out of everyone their Spoke has the most eyes on him. Eventually, she gives the mace back to him.   

As the trio begin to gear up Jumper with diamond armor, a band of players show up and instantly finds and attacks them. As they escape, they kill a few, revealing that these players had bounty books too. They kill the rest of the players and move to the center of the biome to build a safe house and some traps. Another band of players show up and they set off the traps to drive them away. More players arrive and Dylan falls off of the safe base. Spoke, Mapicc, and Jumper jump down to save him and begin to fight the players. Spoke picks up one of these player's bounty books and it's revealed to say to capture DylPickle alive. Spoke and Mapicc try search for Dylan, but the team had already run off with him. They climb the ladder back up to the safe base and think about how to go forward from and save Dylan. The trio is interrupted by a nether portal spawning and JamatoP himself emerging. Jamato complains that Spoke ruins everything and nothing has gone the way it should. Spoke argues that Jamato is breaking his own rules, but Jamato just says he makes the rules. He orders them all to drop their stuff. Spoke attempts to argue with this, but another portal spawns and several NULL guards emerge. Spoke drops his armor, bow, and netherite sword he'd picked up from one of the bounty hunters. Mapicc and Jumper are made to drop all of their stuff, but Jamato separates Spoke from his friends. He says that Spoke is staying there, but Jumper would go back to Purgatory and Mapicc would be going somewhere special. Jamato gives Spoke iron armor then hits him off the base. Spoke clutches with powdered snow and wanders off with his remaining items.    

Another horn blows and the remaining inner walls fall. Spoke is forced to fight of a pair of players before exploring the new area which is like a desert. He comes across a base with lots of names inside. He sneaks through the walls to see better but is caught. To his relief, Dylan is the one who catches him. Dylan shows him his new pickle army and around the base. Spoke inquires what happened after he was kidnapped. Dylan explains slowly that he was taken and given a new base and army. Spoke presses if he met Jamato to which Dylan says yes. Dylan apologies and says he was given this only if he kills Spoke and if he doesn't comply his army has been ordered to kill him. Spoke is upset at this and escapes the base. Dylan and his army chases. Spoke and Dylan continue to complain about the situation, with Spoke trying to convince Dylan to not do this and Dylan says he is sorry, but he has to. Eventually, Spoke apologizes to Dylan and hides in the ground so the team can't find him. He waits until they leave before emerging. He sneaks about for a little bit, coming across players with only leather boots and hiding from ones with full netherite armor until he decides to explore part of the biome he hadn't seen yet. He makes his way over there, narrowly avoiding a fight with a netherite player but scaring them off with his mace. He comes across a colosseum-like structure and spots Mapicc in the center. He quickly approaches and begs Mapicc to help him again. Mapicc refuses and a nether portal spawns up in the stands. Jamato emerges and says he can't wait to see this. He tells Spoke that everyone has their price. At this, Mapicc attacks Spoke. Spoke runs and attempts to convince Mapicc to stop to no avail. As they fight, Mapicc begins to create a wall between them and Jamato and Spoke chases Mapicc around the wall. Mapicc stops to write in a book on the side of the wall opposite Jamato and throws it plus some ender pearls and wind charges to Spoke. Spoke reads the books which says to bring the fight close to Jamato and mace him. Spoke pretends to give up and decide to just kill Mapicc. Mapicc argues that Spoke never wins as the pair begin to fight close to Jamato. Mapicc's shield breaks and he exclaims that he's at one heart. Spoke cobwebs his friend in a corner but doesn't go for the kill. Instead, he wind charges then pearls at Jamato and maces him. Jamato's totem pops and a bunch of nether portals spawn. Spoke tells Mapicc to run, but it's too late and lots of NULL guards show up.    

Spoke gets cornered and surrenders. He approaches Jamato and tells him that he knows why Jamato hasn't kill him yet and why he's doing the things he is. It's because if he kills Spoke a bigger revolution than any other would begin and Jamato would lose all the power he ever had. And that he's making these games and doing these things to attempt to break Spoke, but that it hasn't and won't work. Jamato gets annoyed and tells Spoke to follow him. He brings Spoke to the roof of the arena watch tower where a pearl cannon has been built. He tells Spoke to leave, to go back to Spawn, or he will die. That Spoke is only causing everything to break while he's at Purgatory and the only solution to this is to send Spoke back to Spawn. He adds that he'll be watching him and that he better not try anything or Spoke's friends will die. Spoke hesitates but throws a pearl into the cannon. He then walks to the edge of the watch tower and bids Jamato goodbye as he throws a second pearl. The first pearl goes off and Spoke is teleported to the roof a building in 
Capitol City
. He surveys the destruction 
Wemmbu
 caused for a second before the second pearl goes off and his finds himself back in the arena. Spoke quickly digs himself into the ground and begins to make a secret base. As he does so a nether portal spawns behind him. Spoke is startled as the 
NULL commander with an underscore name
 appears. They offer to tell Spoke who the NULL really are.    

Trivia

Jamato can be seen holding an enchanted totem, which is not possible to obtain in vanilla Minecraft.

This is certainly inspired by The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins.

This may also be inspired by Sword4000 and Ish's events.