kingdom of the caves
— 
Wemmbu

1000 Players Simulate UNDERGROUND Civilization in Minecraft
 is the 134th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

Wemmbu
 starts the episode off by joining an underground civilization with a thousand players. He has to get used to surviving without the luxuries of the surface, integrate with the new society, and complete missions in order to rank up through the civilization, all to save his friend 
Eggchan
.

Yungyx
 welcomes Wemmbu to the caves, he splashes them both with night vision so they can see better, then asks Wemmbu to follow him. Wemmbu asks why he had to get rid of all his items, yungy says he's not allowed anything better than iron until he proves his loyalty to their king, 
Arachn1d
. Yungy takes Wemmbu down to the bottom feeder section of the civilization, he tells Wemmbu not to come up without him saying so and that there's going to be a mission soon. 

Obviously, Wemmbu didn't join by choice. Arachn1d captured egg and threatened to ban him if Wemmbu didn't join. Wemmbu plans on finding egg first and save him and leave the civilization. The only way that's possible is if he becomes loyal to the civilization enough to where they trust him to tell where egg is. The best way to do that is with his strength through combat, as he's one of the strongest players.

Jaden_MAN
 approaches Wemmbu as he's crafting wooden tools, Wemmbu asks how he ended up here and Jaden says he didn't want Wemmbu to get captured alone. Wemmbu starts telling Jaden about his plans about finding Egg, Jaden puts down a sign that says Yungy is right above them listening in on their conversation. Wemmbu changes the subject and says it's stupid of them to try and save Egg and that they need to gear up. 

Wemmbu and Jaden set off to explore the civilization in order to get better equipment and in order to find egg. Their night vision runs out, Jaden sees 
The_Codmaster14
 from a distance, the two catch up with each other and Codmaster brings them into his home. He shows off the decor in his house, Wemmbu sees that his chests are invisible and that everything down there is scuffed. He then asks Codmaster why it's so dark, Codmaster says it's to ward off attackers and there's only light at the bottom and only the higher ups get access to night vision. Wemmbu asks how they're able to rank up, Codmaster says they'll have to get the attention of the higher ups then prove their strength. Wemmbu says it's not possible to do that without his items, Codmaster says that's the point and that they're stuck down there and to just enjoy life. Codmaster begins to show off his skin, yungy falls through the roof into the house and instructs them to go to the mines and if they don't comply, they'll be banned.

The three of them are brought to the mines, Yungy says they're expected to mine all day and to mine resources for the king or they die. Codmaster expresses his hatred for the mines and Jaden says he's tired of underground civilizations. They grab mining supplies in the storage chests, there are dozens of players down there as well, presumably mining resources to craft armor and weapons for the kingdom. They all mine in their own separate directions and use a chest minecart to ship it back to the kingdom. Codmaster says they'll have to bring back three chests worth of materials each, he then warns them to be careful since his last friend group died down there. They find unmined space, Wemmbu tries to strip mine, but is way too slow with just a wooden pickaxe, so he comes up with an idea; he mines the top block and Jaden mines the bottom block while Codmaster places down rails behind them. This doubles their efficiency, they shortly stumble across a deep dark biome. Wemmbu goes around to break the shriekers and sets it off twice while doing so. Codmaster tells him to stop and to stay in path of the mine, Wemmbu goes up and says there's no more shriekers left, but sets off another shrieker outside of his vision. A warden spawns and they run out of their mine. A bunch of players begin to die, they see another warden in front of them, and so Wemmbu runs into another strip mine to hide. Some people begin to hit Wemmbu in order to get the wardens to detect them, so Wemmbu kills them. Yungy and few of the guards barge into the mines to kill the wardens, he then asks who summoned the wardens, everyone goes to Wemmbu and snitches on him.

Wemmbu, Jaden, and Codmaster then all get sent to jail. Wemmbu asks why they're in jail, Codmaster says he should be the one asking him and Wemmbu says he's asking because he knows what's going on. Codmaster thinks Wemmbu is blaming him, but Wemmbu says it's Jaden's fault. Jaden says Wemmbu was responsible for summoning the warden and Wemmbu says that was CGI. They wonder about how long they're going to be there for, Codmaster says until they find out their sentence, which might be forever. Yungy comes and brings the three out of their cell and takes them to an interrogation room. Yungy asks who was the one to summon the warden, he splashes strength to look intimidating and looks right at Codmaster. Wemmbu breaks the tinted glass and runs out, yungy catches up with him with his Elytra and takes him back. Yungy asks again if Wemmbu did it, Wemmbu says it wasn't any of them and that it was another group of players, Codmaster decides to be honest and says it was Wemmbu. Because Codmaster snitched, he's able to walk freely with the downside that all of his items are taken. 

As for Wemmbu and Jaden, they're taken to their quarters and given a set of iron armor and some weapons. Yungy flies up to the second floor of the arena and begins to announce a fight between Wemmbu and Jaden is about to start. The two of them don't want to fight, Wemmbu charges his bow and accidentally shoots Jaden. Yungy says he's going down there in ten seconds if they don't start to fight right now. They come closer to each other, Jaden places a web and they just keep shielding. Yungy shoots Wemmbu and gets him down to three hearts as a warning to start fighting. The two actually start to fight. The two of them drain each other of their golden apples and healing, arachn1d storms in and asks what yungy is doing with them, and yungy says they were responsible for spawning a warden and killing tens of players. Arachn1d tells him they're the most valuable players in the civilization and that yungy is wasting them in a deathmatch. At the same time, Wemmbu crafts signs and writes to Jaden asking if he has anymore healing, but Jaden writes back that he doesn't, Wemmbu writes that if they make him fight again to just run. Arachn1d then goes down to them, Wemmbu breaks the sign, and arachn1d apologizes to them and that this should've never happened. To make it up, he offers to rank them up to regular citizens if they complete one mission. Wemmbu says he'll do it as long as he gives back egg right after, and Arachn1d says he'll think about it. Wemmbu says he won't do it unless arachn1d agrees to it, arachn1d says egg is safe and sound, but it would be a shame if that stopped being the case, so he suggests Wemmbu to work in order to keep him safe. Wemmbu and Jaden leave the arena, as they go and find Codmaster, Wemmbu looks up across a lake and sees 
FlameFrags
 staring back at him before walking away. 

They go back to Codmaster's house, Wemmbu says they have a mission tomorrow and Codmaster says they're dead and wishes them luck. Wemmbu asks what's wrong about a mission, and Codmaster says people who usually go on missions are in netherite and enchantments and that they're only in full iron. Wemmbu gets the idea and crafts fishing rods so they can get enchanted books. They only get fish, Wemmbu asks if any of them caught treasures, Codmaster thought they wanted to fish for food and says the water is too shallow to get any kinds of treasure. Wemmbu asks if they can enchant, Codmaster says there's a place, but only for higher ranks. He says he might know a guy that can help, he's the richest of all the bottom dwellers and purposely fails his missions so he can enjoy life down at the bottom. If they're able to impress him, they'll be able to use his enchantment table before the mission, but if they don't, he might kill them. Codmaster takes them to this player and warns them to not say anything out of line. They take a bunch of twist and turns in the caves, they reach a random area of the caves and Codmaster says they have arrived. He goes into a corner and whispers the word burger into the walls, which opens a hidden door. He thanks Regrub for opening the door, which just so happens to be burger backwards.

They go down a few ominous paths until they finally meet this rich player, The_BanditKing. He welcomes the two strongest players on the Unstable SMP, but drop the act and asks why he shouldn't kill them. Wemmbu says Codmaster says he was willing to give gear and allow them to use his enchantment table, BanditKing says it doesn't sound compelling and asks if there's anything for him. Wemmbu offers him two pieces of sugar cane, BanditKing starts to get his guards to take care of them, Wemmbu says he doesn't lose anything for letting them use his enchantment table, but BanditKing says if there's nothing in it for him, then he doesn't care. Jaden tells BanditKing outside of the civilization, him and Wemmbu are the strongest players and it wouldn't be a good idea to get on their bad side. BanditKing agrees to let them use his enchantment table, Wemmbu asks if they can take diamonds, but BanditKing says not to test their luck. Once they enchant all their armor, BanditKing tells them if they make it back alive, he'll give them lessons about how to act.

After they leave, Wemmbu confesses he stole the enchantment table, Codmaster says they're going to die if he finds out. Wemmbu asks if Codmaster has iron, which he says no, so Wemmbu sneaks into the mines and steals some diamonds and a stack of iron and brings it back home to smelt. With all the iron they have, they make an anvil and make better armor. They then go sneaking around stealing cobwebs around the lake and takes another anvil from another house. They return home and tells Codmaster they'll do the mission and put in a good word for him, Wemmbu asks if he wants to join them on their mission, but he says he's good and likes his peaceful life.

On the surface, Yungy tells them they're heading towards a base of a player who produces valuable resources and that they're friends with this player. In order to prove their loyalty and rank up, yungy needs to get all these resources from the kingdom. Wemmbu questions the fact that there's nobody to help them on this mission, but yungy reassures them that it's only one player and they can get these resources and that this was a loyalty test. Yungy points them straight to a stone wall in a mountain. Wemmbu and Jaden walk up to it, Jaden says burger to see if it would activate, but it doesn't. Wemmbu goes up to the wall and repeatedly says hello, he sees 
Dione4K
, who's excited to see them. Dione asks how 
Wemmbu's civilization
 is doing, Wemmbu says it got blown up a long time ago by Jaden, Jaden mentions that Dione was also a pirate, and Dione says that was part of his side plot and shows them what he's been doing. They open up the chests he has, which is all filled with firework rockets. Wemmbu asks how he's even getting the resources as creepers don't spawn, and Dione says he can't answer that. Dione says this is his life's work and asks what he can help them with, they both go silent and Jaden asks if he's willing to sell any fireworks, Dione says not really since it's his own personal project. Jaden says he wasn't really asking and Wemmbu says they're not trying to be friends, Dione calls out for his guards and two players drop down. They kill the two guards with ease, Wemmbu demands all his fireworks, Dione tries to negotiate a price, but yungy comes in and tells Dione he's going to work for the underground forever making fireworks for them, as for Wemmbu and Jaden, he congratulates them for making it to level two.

Back at the civilization, Yungy lets the guards take Dione to build his own factory. He takes Wemmbu and Jaden to the potion stand for night vision, in order to make it more effective, players stand in a small area and have the potion splash on all of them at once. He then upgrades their shields with unbreaking 3 and no mending for now. Yungy then brings them to the mass storage area, as they go over there, Wemmbu asks if Codmaster can rank up too, but yungy says he doesn't think Codmaster is capable of doing so. Yungy shows them the storage room, put gear on the left, it gets stored on the right and they went broke from the Eggchan exchange, so they need to regain it all. Yungy says their next mission is soon, which is to take over 
Merchant City
 and to win the war. Wemmbu doesn't know they're in a war, yungy says to not worry about it and flies off. They look through all the chests and see there's nothing of value, Wemmbu finds a stack of gold ore and takes it. They return to Codmaster's house, Wemmbu mentions that they should get full protection 4 diamond armor if they're going to head to a war. They tell Codmaster that they ranked up and asks to enchant more stuff, Jaden notices the sudden change in attitude and asks Codmaster what happened. Codmaster says it's what they did to him and that he asked them to leave, Wemmbu says they can be friends and that they gave him more enchantment tables to pay off his debts. Codmaster says since they're spiders now, he doesn't want to be seen hanging around with higher ups. Wemmbu asks why he doesn't rank up, Codmaster says arachn1d values strength only and he's accepted that, and he's also accepted the peaceful life, which is why he doesn't want to hang around with them. They head out and Wemmbu says they should buy their items from the market.

Wemmbu and Jaden reach the market, they talk about getting protection books and a seller overhears them and brings them over to his stand. Wemmbu asks how much eight protection 4 books would cost, he says it would cost diamonds and iron armor, Wemmbu offers firework rockets for it. Yungy comes by and says the seller they're talking to is scamming them and if they wanted enchantments, then to go over to the enchantment store. Yungy tells them that they can kill the seller for trying to scam them, so they do. He says he'll tell the guards that it was in self defense in attempts of scamming, so they get away scot-free. The three of them head over to the enchantment area, yungy says they built the base around a mineshaft with three spider spawners and each person has a five minute limit. Yungy decides to cut all the way to the front and leaves Wemmbu and Jaden waiting in line. Once it's Wemmbu's turn, he starts killing the spiders for experience, Yungy asks what enchantment he's trying to get and Wemmbu replies protection 4, Yungy says Wemmbu really is broke, which leads Wemmbu to jokingly hit Yungy. Yungy tells the guards to bring Jaden in with him and they're going to share the same five minute limit as Wemmbu tried critting him out. Jaden asks Yungy what his favorite thing is in order to stall, he makes a terrible joke and tries to force them out. Jaden says Yungy couldn't even survive anything and challenges him to do a water bucket clutch from a high distance. Jaden and yungy talk for a while, which gives Wemmbu enough time to get decent diamond armor and tools. Their time is up when the next person in line speaks up and says they've been in there for over an hour. Yungy says the strongest weapon of the Spiders are cobwebs, he teaches Wemmbu how to web someone and drain their water, which Wemmbu already knows how to do. Yungy tells them to finish gearing up and to meet at the tavern for the attack on Merchant City.

Wemmbu and Jaden walk around the civilization, they see people have houses of their own and talk about wanting to own one themselves and keep going. They've already been to most of the civilization and haven't gone one direction, so they head over there and find the tavern named Weave's Drop. They enter the tavern, all the customers are in full netherite, BanditKing is the bartender and welcomes them in and asks what they want. Jaden asks for strength and Wemmbu asks for night vision, BanditKing goes in the back and gets the potions and they both pay. He tells them to find a table to sit at and they go sit in the corner of the tavern. One of the players named Trixxio keeps looking at Wemmbu, he splashes strength and speed and says Wemmbu killed six of his friends and hundreds of other Spiders and that he can't work alongside him. They start fighting, Jaden comes to help, but Wemmbu says he can take the fight by himself. Nobody else intervenes and they head up to the second level, Wemmbu says he'll spare him if he stops fighting, but takes it back as he wants the netherite armor. They drop down to the first floor and yungy tells them to stop fighting and that he shouldn't even be fighting with royalty in the first place. Yungy then says they're heading to Merchant City now and even though they're outnumbered, they should be able to handle it. Speaking of items, Yungy says arachn1d allows them to use their items, but doesn't trust them with their Elytras just yet. Wemmbu takes his mace and yungy says it usually takes a month to get to royalty, but if they do well in battle, Yungy will be sure to get them up to the highest rank. BanditKing jumps in and asks to join the battle too, Yungy says he's willing to take him in. Yungy calls in the chungies and they're given a shulker box full of gear.

The army leaves the underground and heads to the surface, down to Merchant City. Before they storm in, they stop at a village to gear up on potions and whatnot. Yungy then instructs everyone to put on the armor with trims from the shulker boxes that was given, they move closer before potting up. They all run through the fields, Yungy flies around and splashes the 
Merchant City Vanguard
 with invisibility. Wemmbu goes up top and begins attacking the guards, a big fight breaks out right after. The invis wears out, Wemmbu webs the guards in one area and maces them. It starts raining too, which makes Jaden way stronger since he has a riptide trident. The guards begin to retreat, yungy tells them all to come back to the middle. He tells them 
Cindercrest
 is one their way with more Spiders to secure the city and to loot everything they can and meet back at the caves once done.

Back at Weave's Drop, Wemmbu asks Yungy who the people are with the fire shields, he says they're visitors from Cindercrest, allies of arachn1d's kingdom. Wemmbu then asks how many battles they're going to fight, and Yungy says there's another one coming up and he'll talk about it later. Wemmbu pulls Jaden aside and tries to talk to him, Yungy comes up to them and asks what they're talking about. Wemmbu asks Yungy when they're going to rank up and Yungy steps back. He asks if they get a house and Yungy says they can, so he leads them to find a house that fits the both of them. Yungy brings them to a house with a broken roof, he says it's the best house for them since it's right below his mega mansion and he can look down on them at all times. Yungy tells them to enjoy and pretend to fly away, he spies on them and they both notice. Wemmbu writes on a sign to Jaden that he wants to look for egg and tells Jaden to distract Yungy. Jaden asks Yungy where he can survive, Yungy is intrigued and is willing to do the water bucket clutch from a high distance again, and so the two start talking about the extreme lengths they would go to do a clutch while Wemmbu goes out of their sight.

Wemmbu heads over to the royal area, since that would make the most sense and where the most guards would be to protect egg. He thinks the castle could have a lot of protection as well, or just simply underground. He wind charges up a leg of a spider, he's unsure if the guards in the castle are at their computers, so he sneaks around. He digs right beneath their feet and into the infrastructure of the castle. He digs up back into a hallway and a guard doesn't notice him, he walks downstairs with confidence and spots more guards, so he goes up a few steps and digs through the wall and into a bedroom. Since he hasn't gotten caught, he keeps walking with confidence in a place where he's not supposed to be. Wemmbu walks around and assumes the people are there to guard and is going to pretend that he's going to guard it too. A royalty member named Andaboar comes through a secret passageway in between bookshelves and says they didn't know arachn1d already made Wemmbu royalty and congratulates him. They say coincidentally Arachn1d wants to speak with Wemmbu and offers to take him there. Before they enter, they tell Wemmbu that no items are allowed, so the both of them store their items in an ender chest. Arachn1d welcomes Wemmbu and says he has another mission for him. Wemmbu says no, and asks for egg back before working any longer. Arachn1d says Wemmbu doesn't have power and he decides whether or not egg lives, and if he completes the mission, he'll be ranked up to royalty, which gives him access to the entire civilization, secret areas, prisons, and everything else. Arachn1d tells Wemmbu that they're fighting a war against 
Parrot
, the most important area in Parrot's kingdom is 
Highwater City
, which is where most of the food supplies gets sent to, but if they take over it, Parrot's kingdom would starve to death. Wemmbu thinks Arachn1d wants to take over the city by himself, but arachn1d just wants him to assassinate the leader of the city, 
ParamountX
, and leave no witnesses. Wemmbu asks don't they already know that he's involved because of the Merchant City attack, arachn1d is tired of his questions, so he says he'll allow Wemmbu to use an elytra for this mission. Before Wemmbu heads off, arachn1d tells him he won't find egg sneaking around his castle uninvited.

Wemmbu returns to his house, he tells Jaden and Yungy that he had a meeting with arachn1d and he has a new mission to do alone. He asks for an ender chest for his Elytra and whatever else he needs, Jaden asks why he's still doing these missions and that they need to find egg. Wemmbu says he tried, but it he does this mission, he'll be ranked up to royalty. Yungy is confused on how Wemmbu is going to rank up to royalty this quick, but Wemmbu doesn't know either. Jaden hands over his diamond armor to Wemmbu in case he needs it and the two wish him luck. Wemmbu begins to head back to surface.

He stands at the edge of a mountain, he splashes every potion he needs to assassinate Paramount. He notices them on nautiluses and flies high above them. He has to kill them before they reach Highwater and makes sure to not leave any witnesses. Wemmbu flies right on Paramount, the first mace hit kills Paramount instantly. In a short amount of time, he kills three of the four guards. As soon as the third guard dies, it starts raining and the fourth one begins riptiding away back to Highwater City. Wemmbu chases him with his Elytra and rockets, eventually landing a spear attack on them, killing them.

In the next scene, arachn1d holds a meeting with his kingdom, he has an announcement for all of them; recently, a new member surpassed all other ranks, who is none other than Wemmbu. He says Wemmbu has given them an infinite amount of firework rockets, fought in the battle of Merchant City, and just assassinated the leader of Highwater City. Arachn1d gives Wemmbu permission to use all of his items and the title of royalty. He also makes Wemmbu his second in command. Yungy steps up and says Wemmbu doesn't deserve it and that he's only there for egg, and once he finds egg, he's gone. Arachn1d tells Wemmbu if yungy doesn't step off stage soon, he has permission to kill him. With Wemmbu's strength, not only would arachn1d be the king of the caves, but the entire server.

Wemmbu walks out of the castle and meets up with Jaden, they decide to head over to the top level and see their new mansion. They spot a water elevator to go up to the higher levels, Wemmbu walks right past the guards, but Jaden is stopped since he needs a royalty shield to pass through. Jaden says he'll wait outside, Wemmbu goes up and Yungy waits for him up top. He says he was ordered by arachn1d to show him his new mansion, he brings Wemmbu to the closest mansion and leaves him to it. Wemmbu looks around the house for a bit and walks out, Yungy was waiting outside and says to follow him. Yungy says arachn1d wants them and needs to gear up first and then he'll speak with egg. At the armory, Yungy tells him to gear up as much as possible, shulkers included to fit inside of his ender chest, as they're going to head into battle. They then head into the secret passageway in between the bookshelves and climb a long set of stairs. Yungy tells the guards there to open the doors for him, mining fatigue hits before the door can even open. Yungy says the guards are mostly formality and he can take them on, but it'd be stupid to try something. Egg says it is true and that he can take them on all at once, but Wemmbu says they were talking about him. Wemmbu asks if he's been there the entire time, egg says it's been boring, he's getting up, reading and writing, then going to bed. Wemmbu asks if he set a stasis or if he should kill all of them. Egg says he didn't set just one, he set sixteen different stasises and if even only one was tampered with, all of them would trigger and he'd be teleported to some other location. Wemmbu asks how he even gets in this situation, Egg says he gets pushed around by guards in netherite that tell him to throw a pearl here and there. Yungy says his time with egg is up and they leave. They head over to arachn1d's throne, Wemmbu asks what the point of him even being there is. Arachn1d tells Wemmbu he has a proposition, egg will be freed if Wemmbu completes one more mission. He'll have to win him the most important battle of the server.

The next scene, Wemmbu and the rest of the royalty army pot up, Wemmbu and Yungy fly into the battle while the rest boat over. Wemmbu sees a large group of players in one area and sets off an 
orbital strike cannon
. He sees 
Saparata
 standing on top of a ledge, he asks if they're allies and realizes that he is, a group of players begin attacking Wemmbu and he sends a stab shot right where he is and accidentally launches himself up high up. He drops down and continues to kill Parrot's army. He overhears Parrot saying that the city has been taken over and that they need to run. Yungy tells Wemmbu that he needs to focus on Parrot right now. Wemmbu maces Parrot and pops his last totem, he flies up and gets the perfect angle to kill Parrot right there. A flashback plays of Wemmbu asking Parrot for his help finding egg, another flashback of Parrot saving Wemmbu from the flying machine with the 
invisible assassin
. Wemmbu decides not to kill Parrot and watches him escape.

He goes back to the city and meets back up with arachn1d's kingdom and Cindercrest. The others people make small talk about how they did Cindercrest's dirty work for them. The episode ends with Wemmbu flying on top of a building and listens to Saps making a speech with the remaining players there about how Parrot has lost the war.

Trivia

Jaden saying that he's tired of underground civilizations is to a reference to when Wemmbu kept him inside of the 
Abandoned Civilization
.

Th3Blurpinstein
 can be seen in jail, which meant he was captured after the battle with 
The Law
.

The closed eyeblossom flowers all over Wemmbu's mansion could foreshadow something, as flowers have had an impact on him before. (i.e. Rejoice and his sunflowers)

Wemmbu has potentially lost all the progress he made trying to become a better person from doing these missions. Certain scenes have his face not shown or covered, showing that he's slowly losing his identity, and the music started becoming eerie when he killed the shopkeeper that tried to scam him.

Wemmbu breaks the fourth wall by laughing at Twirps when he has a voice crack,

There is an 
invisible player
 that follows Wemmbu throughout the video.

Navigation

↑
 
https://x.com/spokepilled/status/2057470639682789729

↑
 
https://x.com/Ox00034/status/2057515825813151776

↑
 
https://x.com/th3Abundance/status/2057500230485266750