The Unstable SMP is the World's Largest Hardcore Minecraft Server and right now, tens of thousands of players are in a civil war.
— 
FlameFrags
1000 VS 1000 Player Minecraft Civil War
 is the 137th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

Flamefrags
 reviews that there is a war against 
Parrot
 and he joined 
Cindercrest
 because of his best friend, 
Lomedy
.  He explains that they've allied with 
Arachn1d's Kingdom
 and their next place for attack is 
Highwater City
.  

Saparata
 leads them to a bridge that will cut three hours off of their journey. To Cindercrest's dismay Parrot is waiting at the bridge for them. Saps send Flame forward to talk with Parrot. Parrot is glad to have a moment where the two of them can just talk. He asks Flame if he knows what team he joined. Flame says he does know what Cindercrest is. Parrot asks him why he joined and Flame has difficulty responding to that, so he grabs Lomedy. 

Lomedy tells Parrot that he is the reason that Flame joined Cindercrest and that Parrot being king has only made everything worse. That the kingdom is starving and people are being attacked by bandits more and more frequently. Parrot tries to explain that he's been trying but Lomedy doesn't believe him.  

Flame interrupts and asks if this is true; that people are starving and dying. Parrot says yes. He tells Flame to tell Saps that he has 600 players behind that mountain including the entire legion of LAW and Skymore. That if Cindercrest tries to cross the bridge they will attack. 

Flame and Lomedy head back to Cindercrest and Parrot appears again with maybe fifty players. Cindercrest advances. Flame wants to just pearl in, but Saps forbids this because they have to get the entire army through not just Flame. Cindercrest makes it to the other side of the bridge and nearly win when LAW finally shows up and forces them back. Flame disregards Saps's instructions and begins to blow people up with TnT. They win the battle and wipe out the LAW army.  

Flame monologues that fighting LAW may be a good thing for Cindercrest but it's bad for him and Lomedy. That LAW used to be one of their only allies and now they'd lost it. He decides to temporarily split off from Cindercrest with Lomedy to restock and talk. Flame and Lomedy argue about Cindercrest being a good thing. Eventually, Flame sarcastically remarks that maybe they should just walk up to LAW's base and ask them how they feel about Cindercrest. Lomedy takes him up on this and they agree that if LAW is truly against Cindercrest they won't participate in the Battle of Highwater. 

When the pair reach the base they find it largely exploded and gone. 
SargeLAW
 is there and they approach him to ask about what happened. He says that Parrot came to recruit LAW, but they refused because they wanted to join Cindercrest's side. Parrot had threatened to kill anyone who didn't join, and some LAW men had joined him out of fear, but most didn't. The ones who didn't Parrot blew up or killed.  

Flame is astonished at this behavior from Parrot and doubts if this is really something Parrot would do. Lomedy points out that Parrot clearly did it. Flame apologizes about the base then tells Lomedy that they had a deal. The pair meet up with Cindercrest near Highwater City and boat the rest of the way there. They meet with Parrot to talk. Saps explains his motivation behind doing all of this and mocks Parrot for not even being strong enough to kill him. Just then, Parrot switches to double totems and about half of the Cindercrest army is instantly killed by an arrow cannon.  

Once behind cover, Saps quickly send 
ShoeBilly_
 to distroy the cannon, but Billy fails because of the second cannon. Saps tell Flame to flank then sneak in to destroy the cannon. Flame is confused about this but relents and warns Lomedy to carry lots of totems. Flame sneaks around the side of Highwater as the rest of Cindercrest is slaughtered by the cannon. He pearls to the lower cannon and blows it up, much to 
Theo's
 surprise. 

Flame begins to blows up Parrot's army with TnT as Billy destroyed the upper cannon. 
Wemmbu
 and Arachn1d's Kingdom show up and turn the tide of the battle. Flame orders everyone to kill Parrot but quickly loses track of him. Flame attempts to keep track of Lomedy in order to protect him. Eventually, the battle is won and everyone groups up again to listen to Saparata's speech. Flame is horrified when he realizes that Saps meant for the majority of Cindercrest to die while he was flanking. After the speech, Flame tells Lomedy that he's going to leave and he doesn't care if Lomedy comes with him or not.  

Lomedy stops him and finally explains his full reasoning behind joining Cindercrest. He says that back at his farm his friends starved to death, and he just knows that if he had been there, he could've saved them. That joining Cindercrest was the only way he could find to mend that guilt. He finishes by says that he doesn't expect Flame to understand and that Flame can leave if he really wants to. 

Flame laughs and asks Lomedy if he really thinks he doesn't know how that feels. He tells Lomedy that he once sent all his friends into a battle he knew they couldn't win just because he was too lazy to help. That, Jaden (one of those players) even continued to care about him, but Flame proceeded to betray him too. And after failing over and over, Flame had finally learned to never leave someone behind who truly cares about you. At this, Flame tells Lomedy that they have a war to win. 

Cindercrest decides to attack 
Steampunk City
 next and the battle goes smoothly. Wemmbu and Flame playfully banter as they fight, attempting to steal kills from each other and saying the other person's kill count is too low. Back at Cindercrest's base, Saps complains about a mole confusing them and causing casualties. Cindercrest marches for 
The Northern Council
 for a trade. Flame watches silently as 
Reina
 is exchanged for 
Lettuce
.   

As they leave, Wemmbu complains about freeing Lettuce after all the work it took to put him in jail, but Flame is more worried about where Lomedy went because he's lost him. Flame finds Lomedy still standing where the exchange happened. They talk about if this is really what's best for Unstable and Flame eventually suggests killing Parrot then and there. He says that when they kill Parrot, he'll assassinate Saps back at camp immediately afterwards. Lomedy agrees and they sneak up to the council room. Flame and Lomedy jump Parrot, Reina, and Theo and the five players brawl until Parrot stops everyone.   

He asks if Flame really thinks this is the best decision. Flame tells Parrot to look what happened after he became king. Lomedy backs him up and tell Parrot basically what he said at the bridge- that people are starving and dying even more now. Parrot breaks and yells that he knows. That he knows that everyone is dying and it's his fault. That he is doing everything can, but it's not enough. That even if everyone on the server hates him for it, he'll just keep trying to make the server better. He then tells Flame and Lomedy to kill him right then and now if they truly think it will fix anything. Theo is opposed to this, but Flame and Lomedy do not attack again.   

Over in 
Capitol City
, Lettuce is forced to make an announcement for the server. Saps is crouched behind him with a crossbow to make sure he doesn't run and Wemmbu is above, surveying the scene. Lettuce tells the server that they need to choose for themselves if they think someone is a bad ruler. He says that he's not going to try and intervene anymore and he's not going to take part in any battle during this civil war, but he wants the citizens to know that they should chose for themselves if they think someone should rule or not anymore. At this he leaves and Saps steps up to talk. Saps tells the citizens that any old players who want to join his army to take down Parrot should step up at the count of 5. He counts down to 1, but Parrot comes up behind him and says "0". Parrot, Flame, Theo, Lomedy, and Reina all either point a crossbow or spear at Saps. Parrot tells him that they destroyed all the items he was going to use to supply his recruits and he has a 600 player army waiting outside the front gate.   

Saps says he's bluffing but Parrot says he has no reason to do that. Saps address Flame next and asks him why he betrayed when they were so close. Flame laughs at this and says that they were not close. Saps was only using him and Lomedy and didn't care about their wellbeing at all. Saps tells Parrot that maybe he has gone too far, but someday another player will stand across from him in the exact same way. Thinking that they're making the server better too. Flame says that's not true. Saps asks Flame what he knows about this. Flame says that Parrot is probably the one person on the server who truly cares about everyone else and that Parrot is nothing like Saps.   

Parrot asks 
Fymada
 to evacuate the citizen because a battle is about to happen. Wemmbu interrupts and says that that might be a futile effort before pulling an orbital strike. Flame tells everyone to run and is astounded at Wemmbu's behavior as over 800 players instantly die. Billy flies in and taunts Theo about seeing him during the battle. Parrot orders for the gates to be opened for him army as Saps's army emerges. Flame pearls down into the Cindercrest army and begins to blow people up. He gets a couple kills until Wemmbu blows everyone up multiple times with more orbitals.    

Flame pearls away to heal and Parrot catches up to him. Parrot says that they need to stop Wemmbu before he kills everyone. Saps begins to attack Parrot and Flame pops Saps totem before Wemmbu comes over and begins to mace everyone. Wemmbu taunts Flame for hiding in a building during one of his strikes and Flame tells him to get on the ground so they can actually fight. Wemmbu does so but is forced to fly back up again before Flame can find him. The battle eventually drifts into a building and then a museum witch Wemmbu demolishes both of. Parrot complains about his own army attacking him. Flame agrees that he is having the same problem and decides just to attack everyone. Near the end of the battle, Flame confront Wemmbu about blowing everyone up.    

He says that that is exactly what LAW was created to stop and he thought Wemmbu changed. Wemmbu says he knows, but he doesn't have a choice. Flame tells him that you always have a choice. Flame follows Wemmbu, but Wemmbu chooses stop attacking and instead sits on a wall cause he's bored with the fight. Flame argues with him about blowing everyone up for no reason and his fighting style then pearls up to where Wemmbu is standing. Wemmbu tells him to fight him, but Flame refuses if it isn't a fair fight. He attempts to TnT minecart Wemmbu, but knocks him off the building instead.     

Wemmbu flies up to a higher part of the building and Flame follows, asking him why he would do this and to fight him. Wemmbu goes higher once again and Flame continues to follow. This time when Flame yells at him, Wemmbu doesn't respond and simply goes too high for Flame to catch up.    

Flame goes back to the ground in a huff, assuming that Wemmbu left. He finds Lomedy and the pair leave for their base. At the base, Flame rants about Wemmbu blowing everyone up when he thought they both changed and how this war has cost everyone everything. Lomedy eventually tells him that he wants to go back to his farm to help any of his friends who might still be alive and to take a break from Flame's influence. He says that being around someone who's entire thing is combat is corrupting his own morals and standard. Flame says he understands and wishes Lomedy the best of luck. He tells Lomedy that he's welcome to come back whenever, and that he'll see him later. Lomedy leaves, leaving Flame on his own once again.     

Navigation