On the Unstable SMP,  over 1000 players have been captured and trapped inside the largest prison on the server. This is the full story of how I escaped 
Purgatory
...
— 
SpokeIsHere

1000 Players Simulate PRISON in Hardcore Minecraft
 is the 135th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

Hidden million blocks out in the Nether on the Unstable SMP lies a prison known as Purgatory, built to contain the server's most dangerous criminals, and over a thousand players have been trapped there. Every player is only given one life on the server, making it impossible to escape, and 
Spoke
 is about to leave everything behind to become a prisoner of Purgatory.

Spoke gets walked down the gates of Purgatory with other prisoners and with 
Null guards
 from both front and back. He sees that there's no terrain at all nearby and only lava at the bottom. As they get closer to the prison, Null guards can be seen monitoring it from the outside. Once inside, each prisoner gets their own guard to take them to their cell. Spoke gets in his cell and calls it his new home, he checks around it to see if there's anything hidden. Despite everything, he promised himself that he would see the world one last time and accomplish everything that he wanted to do in the past. But first, he'd have to escape Purgatory, and he'd be given his first chance when the doors opened up.

Spoke walks out of his cell and wonders if he's supposed to be out, he hides behind a wall and sees a new group of players and a new opening that they're going to. He slowly goes with the crowd and blends in with them. Spoke gets in line for the cafeteria, the guards throw them pieces of rotten flesh for food. Spoke knew that they wouldn't give anything of value, however, a miracle was about to happen when two prisoners began to fight. The two fistfight each other until the one closer to Spoke dies and drops a iron pickaxe and three wood logs and Spoke picks it up. He quickly runs away from the scene and back to his cell as guards come to investigate. He closes his door back up and enters his cell, a guard looks at him before walking away. Spoke tells himself that he can't risk it and that he needs to wait for the perfect opportunity without the guards watching right outside his cell. Guards keep an eye out on each cell every few minutes, giving no time for Spoke to do anything. 

Soon, he hears a Null leader saying they're doing an item check. They go to the cell left of Spoke and drop wooden shovels, Spoke goes to the cauldron and drops his items there, but realizes it might not work. He opens the trapdoor on the ceiling mines the block above it and throws his items on top of the trapdoor and closes it to hide his items. Just as he does so, the other prisoner is caught trying to smuggle a stick and is killed. The leader then goes to Spoke's cell and enters it, he opens two shulkers and drops shovels for Spoke to pick up, they call out Spoke for leaving one shovel behind and he shows them the rotten flesh, which lets him pass for the day. Spoke then tells the leader about a prisoner who apparently flashed their iron pickaxe in the cafeteria and that he doesn't expect anything out if it and wanted to help out the guards, they thank him for the tip and say that the prisoners are reluctant and goes on to try and find the player.

One guard stays behind to monitor the prisoners, once they look at Spoke's cell and leave, Spoke uses that opportunity to open the trapdoor and pick his items back up. He knows he can't mine through the walls that connect the cells, so the only way is the back of his cell. Behind his cell is the guard's chambers, and if that was the case, that means the exit may be near, He sees a staircase and uses whatever blocks he has to get to it, he parkours on top of the lanterns and manages to get to it successfully. As soon as he walks up the last flight of stairs, he sees a guard and makes eye contact with them. Spoke retreats and mines into another wall into another prisoner's cell. He tells the prisoner, devMCchamp, to be quiet, multiple Null guards notice that someone was there, so they go and ask the prisoners about what they know. The prisoner on the left of them don't know anything, so they head over to Dev's cell. Spoke hides in the corner, just out of sight of the guards and ask Dev if he's seen anything abnormal as there's been suspicious activity in his block, they try to bribe him with rotten flesh and a steak if he tells, but he doesn't and rather asks them where his friend 
ItsAli
 is. The guards ask again if he's seen anything suspicious, he slowly looks over at Spoke and says no, the guards believe him and continues on their way. 

As soon as the guards are out of range, Spoke says he remembers Dev, as he's one of the rebels that he saw in the 
Far Lands
. Dev thought Spoke escaped after he gave them the horses, but was inevitably captured as well. Spoke thinks bringing Dev would be crucial to his escape plan, so he tells Dev to tag along. Spoke mines into the walls into the staircase, Dev tells him that he knows some players that can help them escape. He spots a player named avxo31 right around the corner, Spoke breaks him out and says he doesn't want a lot of people with him and just wants help. Dev says these were players from the rebel too, he spots another rebel named den_72 and has Spoke break them out also. They then break another rebel out named subway87, who has an invisibility potion, they all gather up in the corner and is splashed with invis. 

Spoke tells them to go upwards and to follow him, Null guards walk down the stairs as they're going up, so Spoke opens one of the trapdoors acting as a railing and walks onto a lantern a block over. The guards notice that things have been broken with and see that no one is at the bottom, so they start going back up. Spoke and the rebels start sprinting upwards, they make it to the guard hallways, but don't know which way is the exit, so they head right. They take the stairs and go down to even more guard hallways until the reach a door that requires a keycard. Spoke forces their way through by mining the door and they reach the main area. They take a bunch of turns in order to lose sight of the guards, Spoke mines down and they run through even more hallways. Although they haven't seen any names around, they have to keep moving. 

They eventually stumble across a room full of happy ghasts and a redstone door. Spoke instructs the rebel group to keep an eye out for guards and preparing the happy ghasts as him and Dev figure out how to open the door. They don't have enough time before subway alerts them of guards, so they ditch the happy ghasts and break the door down and starts bridging out. Unfortunately for them, they only make it about a hundred blocks out before running out of blocks and surrounded, guards are bridging behind them and guards on happy ghasts are in front.

Dev says to Spoke he thought they were going to escape, and Spoke says he thought so too and apologizes. The leader comes up to them and asks what they thought was going to happen if they broke out of prison, Spoke says it won't happen again and to take them back to their cells, he gives up his pickaxe and says that's all he has, keeping the three crimson stems he picked up earlier. The leader tells them to follow them, saying this place may be their last.

The five of them stand in front of what appears to be an arrow cannon, they're stuck in cobweb and unable to move, as a dozen of guards stand above them. Dev asks Spoke why he broke him out in the first place if he didn't have a plan, Spoke says this was his first day here and didn't mean for any of this to happen and just accepts defeat. Dev says he's been out in the Farlands for months, never got to see Ali in the prison, surrounded by NULL, never got to see the main server, he forgot what it looked like. Spoke and Dev say their last goodbyes, right before the arrows hit them, a totem enters Spoke's hotbar and he survives. He looks back and sees a player that's an even higher ranking of the Null guards named 
_________
, they tell him that the leader wants to see him. Spoke asks them why was he given a totem and keep him alive, they say it's the leader's orders, and usually when players see them, it never ends well for them. They walk into the castle where Spoke was just at, he asks why they don't just keep them in their cells and that they've taken everything away from them, and the guard says it's hard for them to keep him in his cell. They go through a few keycard doors until they reach an elevator. Spoke asks if the leader is up there, and the guard says yes and that he wanted to see Spoke personally and that usually it doesn't end well for people. They walk down a long hallway until they reach the leader's quarters, the nameless guard goes behind the desk and stands with the other nameless guards, with the difference of their names having an X, Y, and Z in the middle of their names. 
JamatoP
 drinks milk to get rid of his invisibility, and at the same time tells Spoke he's glad that he could join them. He tells Spoke there's dozens of elder guardians that on route, enough to fill the prison and tells Spoke he won't be needing the iron pickaxe anymore and burns it in front of him. Spoke walks around the room and asks why Jamato why he would do something like this and that all the players here deserves a chance to play on the server. Jamato says that nobody there knows who he is and he's just the leader of NULL and that he hasn't done anything. Even with what Spoke knows, he can't get people to believe him. Nobody knows Jamato, but they'll remember Spoke as the person that caused them to be there in the first place. Spoke promises Jamato that one day he'll escape this prison and return to spawn with an army never seen before, to free all the prisoners, and that he'll be the one to execute Jamato. Jamato says he'll be waiting for that day, he tells the guard to escort him to his new cell.

If Jamato really manipulated all the prisoners into not knowing who he is, then Spoke really is the villain in everybody's eyes. Despite making mistakes, he'll have to prove himself by exposing Jamato and showing that escaping this prison was truly possible. But first, he'll have to do it himself.

In Spoke's new cell, two guards watch from the outside. Spoke looks in his inventory, he has a few blocks and the wood, which is enough to craft a pickaxe, but knows he can't mine out since the guards are watching and he has mining fatigue. Spoke knows he won't be able to get anything done staying in his cell, so he comes up with a plan. He knocks at the bars and tells the guards that he's down to his last piece of rotten flesh and that he's completely out of hunger. The guards tell him no and ignore him at first, but after discussing with each other, they allow him to leave his cell. Spoke stalls by pretending to not know where to go, he goes up a flight of stairs and blocks it off with netherrack, he runs up and jumps down clutching with a honey block to where the cafeteria is. He runs into the room, the guards begin to kill the prisoners fast, and luckily for Spoke, he finds a player that would save his life. 
Vixuality
, who's standing on top of the chandelier, tells Spoke to jump down with him, he tells Spoke that he has a boat and that they're going to go down when the guards come up and to follow him. The guards come up and Vix places his boat, they drop down to the first floor of the cafeteria and jump right to where the cells are. Vix says he knows what Spoke tried earlier and that's not how things go around there. Spoke asks how else they were supposed to escape the guards, and Vix tells him to just keep following him. As soon as they reach what seemed to be a dead end with a keycard door, a secret redstone door opens from below them, Vix drops down while Spoke crouches on the ladder and watches the guards from above come running in seconds after. 

Spoke then drops down, Vix welcomes him in to the black market. Spoke freaks out wondering if they'll be seen from down there, but Vix says they're fine and that this place is their playground. Vix warns him that the stuff they ask for down there is beyond them and that he might have to work for some items. Spoke plans on buying a full set there until he sees a familiar face, he goes up to 
JumperWho
 and says long time no see. Jumper asks how Spoke is here, Spoke says they were both captured by NULL, but Jumper keeps asking how he's here right now, in which she meant how has Spoke not been killed yet since everyone there knows who he is and recommends him to stay in his cell. Spoke says he's trying to get out of there and doesn't know what they've been told or what they think, but they'll have to push their differences aside to work together to escape. Jumper says she's not going to give anything to him and that she'd rather keep it to herself. She reminds Spoke that the last time they worked together, it ended up with them both captured, so she prefers to work alone and runs off. Spoke asks Vix what she meant by everyone knows who he is, Vix says Spoke isn't an unknown player around here and it's hard not to know who he is. Spoke tries to tell him that Jamato was the bad guy and not him, Vix says he doesn't know who this person he's talking about is and is more focused on getting Spoke out.

Spoke looks around at the deals, he sees that iron boots requires him to kill another player. He goes up to another player's stand, found2, who is selling a sword for four bodies, they tell Spoke that this place isn't chump change and if he goes around to any other seller, he'll see that they price their items for way higher and will end up at theirs. Spoke goes to another group of players, two guards stop Spoke before he can get to the main guy, n3tm3tr1x. He says he has something far more valuable than any of the dealers, he says he has a piglin, which trades rather than sell. N3m flicks a lever and opens a door behind the painting that he was standing in front of, he allows Spoke to look at the piglin and says there's a catch for getting him. Nobody's allowed to just trade with the piglin, they'll have to become a gladiator, and Spoke agrees without hesitation. N3m and Vix says it's not that easy, Vix goes on to explain that they host fights in the middle of the prison, and whoever wins becomes a gladiator and gains access to the piglin. Spoke asks if he has potential to become a gladiator, Vix sarcastically says sure, and Spoke says to give him some time and he'll come back with full diamond armor and a mace. 

A horn is then blown, which causes everyone down there to panic, since that means the guards are back on watch. They rush to the elevator, leaving some players down or falling to their deaths. Once they get up, Vix tells Spoke to get in his cell, but Spoke doesn't know where his cell is, so he looks around for his original cell, but the guards are coming fast. He goes into a random person's cell who begins to punch him, so Spoke kills them in self defense. The guards barge into the cell right after, the leader says they saw what Spoke just did and asks does he think that couldn't happen to him, they tell him he knows what's coming to him before exiting. 

The proceeding is Spoke attempting to get gear for his gladiator fight, he does so by trading with people at the canteen, trading one rotten flesh for two cobblestone. He tells the person he traded with to tell his friends to meet with him on the fifth floor. While Spoke and Vix are making a hidden crafting table by hiding it inside one of the canteen tables and hiding it with carpet. A player named p3dal_squ1d644 walks up while they're doing so, the player shows a variety of items to Spoke which includes a shield, the task the player wants Spoke to do is "slime out minerd64" Spoke asks if this player is in the room currently, which p3dal_squ1d644 points downstairs, Spoke lowers his FOV and sees minerd64 eating. p3dal_squ1d644 walks away as Vix finishes breaking the carpet. Spoke places a crafting table and crafts a sword, he tells Vix the plan to kill and ambush minerd64. Spoke heads downstairs and lures minerd64 upstairs by claiming he is friends with one of his teammates and tells him to come with him to get "geared up" as the two walk up the stairs, Spoke says some more stuff to minerd64 then ends up killing him with Vix. minerd64 ends up dropping some stuff, these including amethyst, a leather helmet, iron nuggets, and leather. p3dal_squ1d644 returns and gives Spoke his payment which is a shield, four cobblestone, and iron leggings. Upon seeing the amethyst, Vix says he knows a guy whom is looking for amethyst. 

Spoke and Vix return to the black market, where Vix leads him to a player named brozo_60, the player is extremely happy once he sees the amethyst in Spoke's hand. Spoke trades two of his amethyst for ten iron ingots and rotten flesh. He then sees that he needs two more iron nuggets to get an ingot, he sees a player who's selling iron nuggets, the player says for two iron nuggets, for 10,000 steak. Spoke obviously points out he doesn't need the two nuggets that bad, in the end Spoke give him one of each of the following items: honey block, leather, flint, and cobblestone. As the two prepare to leave the market, they see a player named c1ro4 who has an iron chestplate, Spoke attempts to buy the chestplate which in turn c1ro4 says it's not for sale which ends up with him running to the elevator. As he runs Spoke and Vix catch up to him which ends up with c1ro4 dead. Spoke gets his iron chestplate and a goat horn which coincidentally is the same type of goat horn used by the guards. 

Spoke gets a full iron set, then Vix leads him to his cell where he stashes all his items. Vix gives Spoke some instant healing potions, which he tells him to use in his gladiator fight. Spoke waits for the time to get out of his cell, the time finally comes as he equips his gear, he looks at the opponent he is about to fight from a far who is currently fighting someone, and says "Diamond armor that's pretty bad but they don't look that good." He is stopped when the player kills the person he was fighting and the chat reveals it's 
Mapicc
.   

Spoke walks down and talks to himself saying he doesn't have to fight him and that he can convince him, this is proven wrong as Spoke tries to talk to Mapicc which ends in a fight where Mapicc almost kills Spoke asking the crowd if he should spare or kill him. It's all going well for Mapicc until a player named 
ItsAli_
  along with two other players, ItsAli_ who was one of the rebels who took Mapicc hostage before, he wants to fight and kill Spoke as he blames Spoke for dev's death saying "You gave him hope which caused his death."    

The confrontation ends with Spoke and Mapicc required to team up to defeat the three players,  Mapicc ends up killing the two other players, Spoke and Mapicc end up fighting Ali in a 2v1 which ends in the two knocking Ali over the ledge, Ali boat clutches saving himself from death. Spoke once again tries to persuade Mapicc to team up with him but his attempts are cut short when Mapicc says that he knows he isn't the leader of NULL but he is the reason why he's there. As the horn of the guards blow, Spoke tells Mapicc to run and take off his armor but Mapicc says it's fine saying he will be a distraction. Spoke tries to find an open cell to get into but he is unable to and runs into the entrance of the black market to evade the guards.    

He finds the black market is empty, and he helps himself to robbing all of the merchants stalls, he steals everything he can find which ends with him getting some gold. Spoke then goes behind the painting to the piglin and starts trading with it. He complains that the ender pearl is taking way too long to get but as he is trading, the occupants of the black market walk in, at the same time, Spoke gets one ender pearl. They notice quickly that their items are gone, and start asking each other if they stole it, n3tm3tr1x ends up discovering Spoke asking what he is doing, Spoke explains himself that he won his gladiator fight and was helping himself to trading with the piglin, he also gives back some of the gold he stole to its rightful owner, n3tm3tr1x asks why he even needs ender pearls, Spoke reveals that he is trying an escape attempt with a pearl cannon with a massive amount of TnT. Spoke asks where he can get tons of tnt, n3tm3tr1x tells him that found2 has some, found2 remembers Spoke as the broke person, but admits that he looks like he has more serious offers. found2 reveals she has shulkers and shulkers of TnT Spoke assumes it's another job where he has to kill someone, but found dismisses him and says it's way more dangerous. She says come back in one hour.    

As Spoke prepares for the mission in a cell, he is ambushed by ItsAli_ and three other players, the fight ends when Spoke blocks himself up in a cage. Spoke says he doesn't understand why he is doing this, Ali once again responds and tells him that he's the reason dev is dead. Ali and his crew of players stand in front of the cell, Ali proclaiming they will stand there until Spoke leaves. Spoke attempts to buy his life by offering everything he can. Ali once again declines and Spoke offers a fight, Spoke mockingly offers his iron helmet and iron leggings to two of the players wearing leather ones, "For a fair fight." He said. Spoke then blows the goat horn, the same one of the guards. He tells Ali that the more he blows the horn it will eventually lead up their chain of command as the guard area is right behind the cell. As the players who ambushed Spoke run away, he bed bombs the cell using a bed he crafted before to escape.      

Spoke rushes his way towards the black market where he sees found2, it's revealed Jumper is his teammate for the job. Spoke once again asks what the job is, Jumper telling found2 she could've gotten anyone else. found2 says the job is an escape attempt and reveals she's been stocking up on everything needed, invisibility pots, milk, and more. Spoke asks why Jumper is here and found2 reveals she has all the redstone they need to build a pearl cannon. Jumper once again complains saying that they're only working with him for a pearl. found2 replies that not only that but also because Spoke is the only one who has seen the lava ocean and survived. As they plan the escape, it's revealed that NULL has found the black market, the trio hide inside the hidden area with the piglin, the piglin ending up killed by Spoke. It turns out ItsAli_ was the one who told the NULL guards about the market as it's seen he is with the guards while they're raiding the market, presumably searching for Spoke.    

Spoke and Jumper getting desperate makes a nether portal inside the hidden room despite found2's disagreement. The three are led to a giant hole hanging over the void with a large gap between them and land. As the two start bridging found2 claims that they both really know nothing about NULL. She says that NULL's newest ability is that they call a "strike" it's unknown what found2 means by strike, but sadly nether portals start appearing everywhere around them. Spoke remembers this from before and is once again shocked. The three give up and surrender all their items, Spoke picking up a book that found2 dropped. Jumper and found2 are led back to the prison but when Spoke tries to cross the guard hits him. A nether portal then appears right in front of Spoke which then Jamato comes out.     

As Jamato leads him to his office, Jamato proclaims that Purgatory was running completely fine but as soon as Spoke stepped in he started causing problems. "Everything you touch, breaks." He claims.  Jamato leads Spoke down some ladders showing him a hole right in the center of the prison. Spoke tells Jamato that this is really how he kills him. Jamato disagrees saying he found someone better. The NULL commander then leads Vixuality to the same area where they are currently at. Jamato explains that Vix has had a great involvement at his stay at Purgatory. He then continues saying that after investigating, he found a book written by Vix filled with plans on how to escape, very well thought out plans, however Jamato reveals that none of them involved Spoke. Vix explains himself, saying that maybe Spoke isn't that crazy after all. He proclaims maybe Spoke was going to escape just not with him. Spoke attempts to bargain for Vix's life telling Jamato to lead them to his worst cell. He then continues telling Jamato on how he doesn't see this is evil, claiming Jamato is just as evil as he is. His efforts are cut short as Vix is hit by the commander to his death. Spoke is left speechless as Jamato tells the commander to lead him to solitude.    

Jamato leads Spoke to solitude where he tells Spoke to get on a happy ghast, as they get closer to Spoke's dismay, it's one block with lava surrounded by it, telling Spoke he is not permitted food, not permitted to leave, and by the end of the day he will have front row seats of the execution of Mapicc and Jumper. Spoke yells, saying that he already killed Vix. Jamato buts in saying it's not enough. Spoke calls him and this insane. Jamato replies, "Insane or not, I'm gonna need you to throw your food." Spoke retaliates, saying that this is rotten flesh, everybody is permitted rotten flesh but Jamato once again buts in saying that the rules don't apply to him anymore. Jamato then gives Spoke a last parting gift, splashing a poison potion of him then leaving.     

Spoke reveals that Jamato failed to do a full inventory check and reveals he kept the book written by found2 and a fire resistance potion lasting for three minutes. Spoke opens the book and it's revealed the book is a map of the prison with it in a horizontal layout of the word "FOOD" then followed by a 3x3 of zero's the bottom left replaced by a one then the word "ENTRANCE" below it. Spoke quickly figures out it's a map. Spoke musters up the courage to drink his potion and swim in the lava, he swims up the lava stream reaching the exit, where he experiences a near death experience when his fire resistance is on five seconds left until the fire on him puts out and he survives.    

Spoke uses the map to find found2's 3x3 cell, found2 is surprised that he is there, Spoke says he escaped solitude, found2 is shocked when he says that. found2 gives Spoke two pieces of bread and an invisibility potion. As Spoke is leaving, found2 is still shocked that he escaped solitude. Spoke makes his way through the prison, following a guard and a commander to the guard area. He ends up stealing the level two access keycard of the commander, the commander brushing it off that they just lost it, Spoke hides in an enchant room where the two guards also walk in. As the commander enchants what he needs they both leave. Spoke makes his way further through the guard quarters, finding three barrels one with wind charges, one with ender pearls, and one with bread, Spoke quickly eating the bread to regen. Spoke makes his way to the potion room where he finds more invisibility pots and some poison pots. The two guards walk in, the commander seeing the missing potions is confused. Spoke runs as the two guards discover him, using the access code to lose him. Spoke eventually finds the gear room where he gears up taking potions and three gear sets for him, Mapicc, and Jumper. Spoke is about to leave but he sees a mace on an item frame and takes it. Spoke is extremely shocked saying he's never used a mace before. As the horn of the guards blow he puts on an invis and makes his way back to solitude.    

Spoke arrives back at solitude and goes to break the arrow cannon, which he realizes that there is water in the nether, he is quite unsurprised as it is Jamato, Spoke thinks of a way to break the cannon without it being obvious, he eventually settles for getting rid of the bubbles in the water so the arrows will just sink. Spoke splashes a fire resistance and jumps back down into the lava, swimming back to his singular block. He checks his fire resistance saying that by the time Jamato is back he should be good.     

As Jamato comes back to gloat, he says that the execution will commence, Jamato tells the commander by his side to check the cannon. The commander comes back to Jamato revealing the cannon is broken. Jamato  brushes it off as a mere coincidence and tells Spoke that the execution will continue but not as planned, saying that they will be executed in the center. Spoke panics yelling at Jamato asking why. Spoke hurries and makes his escape from solitude once again, he sees in the center with Mapicc and Jumper about to be executed. Spoke rushes towards Jamato's private quarters rushing past all the guards with no invisibility. He evades all the guards by using TnT to blow up the elevator to Jamato's office. He arrives at Jamato's office, splashes and invisibility and hits Jamato off of the platform down to the center,  Spoke then also jumps down himself and maces which kills the 
____Z____
 commander.  As Jamato's totem pops, he is completely shocked that Spoke has escaped, only being able to muster up the words you and how. As Spoke runs to mace Jamato, Jamato runs away and escapes. Spoke doesn't chase and goes back to give Mapicc and Jumper gear to fight NULL. He also gathers up everybody watching and tells them whoever wants to fight against NULL needs to put on their armor. Spoke quickly explains that Jamato was the one behind everything before all the NULL guards start piling in. The fight commences which sadly ends in most of the prisoners being killed and as Spoke runs out of wind charges and the guards having cobwebs, they are defeated and surrender. Spoke doesn't seem panicked at all however as he simply demands to speak to Jamato.     

Jamato, is still in shock, and tells them to drop everything. Jamato tries to tell Spoke and convince himself that he is still control. Spoke buts in saying that everybody in the prison has just witnessed who he is, that they know who put them in here, not SpokeIsHere, JamatoP. Jamato once again tells Spoke that he has accomplished nothing, Spoke once again buts in saying that everybody now knows that Purgatory isn't impossible and that it is possible to escape. That today showed them they can still fight back. Spoke then mocks Jamato saying that he will never know that a player like him will do the exact same thing he did and push him off, that Jamato will always be watching his back. Spoke finishes by saying that when he escapes and gathers the armies of Unstable to march to Purgatory and free everybody, he will be the first to go. Spoke then laughs at him. Jamato finishes by telling the guards to take them away saying he's always watching. As the trio, Spoke, Mapicc, and Jumper are led back to their cells, their friendship is reunited and Spoke promises them that they will escape.    

After everything, the ending scene is Jamato ranting to the _________ commander saying that it wasn't supposed to be like this. Jamato stops himself asking if the arena is ready. The commander nods, Jamato saying to prepare the prisoners saying it's time to begin the games.        

Trivia

This is the longest Unstable video post-
Season 1
, surpassing 
Unstable SMP: The LAW
 by over 51 minutes.

During the final battle, among the prisoners there was a player with the nickname ManePearmydaddy, which refers to 
ManePear
.

This is the first time we have seen 
JamatoP
 absolutely dumb founded and in panic.

Navigation