purge of the cave kingdom
— 
Wemmbu

1000 Players Simulate THE PURGE in Minecraft
 is the 139th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

Wemmbu
 is in a crowd of all the 
Arachnid civilization
 members including 
Yungyx
, 
Jaden_MAN
, and 
Codmaster
. 
Arachn1d
 sits above everyone else and explains how the purge is going to work. Arachnid had made a huge map and now he was dropping everyone into the huge build. Death messages flood the chat from players not being able to save themselves from falling to their death. Wemmbu loots a chest from the middle and runs away from the players hunting him down. This is because they will gain a reputation if they kill him for he is a high value target as second in command. He runs into a cave and uses dripstone to kill most of them. He kills the last one with his tools. 

He ventures farther and realises that there are no blocks to build with, no wood, and no crafting tables of any sort. He meets Yungyx and duels him only to end the match with a stalemate as Wemmbu makes peace with him and gains a teammate. CodMaster is seen with BanditKing and Bandit wants to kill them because he apparently needs to rise in the ranks. 

Yungy and Wemmbu find a forbidden crafting table which is now discovered to be a trap laid out by a guard who got to keep full netherite. They run away successfully and make it to an island where Wemmbu crafts a golden pickaxe. The golden pickaxe has an extremely limited durability so he vows to use it carefully. They get cornered by 
BanditKing
 but Jaden swoops in to save the day with TNT. They escape but Bandit is nowhere to be found and they had lost him. Jaden leads Wemmbu to 
Eggchan
 who had been waiting in a pit. Egg was discovered to have a moody brightness and this creates problems later on. They meet Codmaster again but they are wary. He had been in the band of rogues following bandit so this is expected. Codmaster says that he had threatened his life if he didn't cooperate so he did it involuntarily and he joins the team. 

They discover Codmaster bas a fishing rod so they fish with Egg using the rod and he catches two more rods while Wemmbu goes somewhere else. He goes into the water and finds a structure which he calls a clam. Inside the structure he finds a heavy core which he struggles to break. He swims out and goes back to the group to show them his prize. He goes to the start to immediately combine it with any breeze rods he finds and he finds a player with the materials. He kills him and gets the mace. Using the breeze charges he decimates the enemy team and wins the fight but 
InfamousJJ
 is near. They had fought earlier and cheated, smuggling in netherite and diamond gear. They escape. 

Eventually the find BanditKing with no armour and they force him to lead them to and enchantment table. JJ is waiting for them and is holding the item they need. The team starts running but when possible snagged a kill and stole the armour that came with it. Dione is part of the enemy team. He holds an anger tied to Wemmbu for bringing him to the caves. Eventually the fight thins out and they dive into a cave but the enemies follow and they were backed into a corner. Netherite players are seen coming down behind them. They ambush the opposing team and Wemmbu's team. They run fast but JJ follows wemmbu. 

One netherite player is following too. They team up for a minute to kill the netherite player and then immediately go back to fighting. Wemmbu lures JJ to a trapped chest and blows him up with TNT. He collects the gear and goes back to middle, reunites with his friends, and towers out of The Purge. Egg's stasis gets pulled and Wemmbu has had enough of it, he vows to kill Arachn1d to free Egg once and for all. 

.Quotes

"
purge of the cave kingdom
"

— Video description

"
My new goal was simple. Ban Arachn1d.
"

— 
Wemmbu

Trivia

At the end screen, the "next video" section has text below it saying "Finale." The events of the next episode will probably include the search for Eggchan's stasis chambers.