People of the Unstable SMP. Thank you for coming today and thank you for voting for me and crowning me as the king of this server.
— 
ParrotX2
 to the Unstable SMP

100 Days as King of the Unstable SMP
 is the 118th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

On the Unstable SMP, every one in ten players make it out of spawn alive, but even those who get to escape do not live for long. The players have accepted this as how Unstable is, but in the first time in history, they had voted for a king of the server, and that person is 
Parrot
.

The episode begins with Parrot standing on top of the Northern Council and giving a speech to the entire server, he tells everybody that he has seen power be in the wrong hands and ensures that it wouldn't happen again. He promises to take responsibility and make sure that everyone can live peacefully. The crowd boos and shouts that they wanted 
LettuceK
 to be king. Parrot hears the backlash and says if players can not spawn onto the server safely within a hundred Minecraft days, or thirty three hours, he'd resign from king. Parrot knew Lettuce was unable to save spawn even with his powers, and if Parrot managed to do so, he'd prove everyone that he was worthy of being king.

Parrot has a meeting with his friends, 
Theo
, 
Fymada
, and 
Horace
. Theo thinks Parrot is crazy for attempting to make spawn a safe place in such a short amount of them when Lettuce was unable to during his regime. Fymada and Horace has their own plans on how they could improve the server and Theo says he'd be Parrot's royal guard. Theo asks what their first decree is, Parrot says they'll have to take back spawn. The two go to spawn and start their mission of killing off all the withers. As they get closer up to the top of spawn, the withers start focusing on them, which prevents more deaths from happening. At the same time, Parrot helps out players and gives them protection and food to make sure they get to a safe place. They kill off the withers at the top, but the rest of the withers are down under and they've been slowly drained of their armor and resources. Luckily, Fymada and Horace come to assist killing off all the withers and regear. On the fifth day, players no longer die from withers and the new players joining the server walk up to Parrot and praise him for saving them. However, players may still die from fall damage, so he asks Horace to rebuild the entirety of spawn.

The next step of Parrot's journey of being king, he needs to give people a safe place to go, and players usually head to 
Capitol City
 for that. However, Capital City is ran by a corrupt mayor and Parrot goes to declare Fymada the new mayor. When Parrot, Theo, and Fymada step foot into the city, 
SirPig
 tells Parrot that the three of them have taxes to be paid or else they'd be escorted out. Parrot tells him that's going to be a problem since he's king now and grants Fymada the title of the mayor of Capital City. They hold a meeting with the players there, Fymada starts up by saying there will be an expansion to the city and reduce the percentages of taxes so players can keep what they earn. After Fymada has her speech, Parrot and Theo go back to their old potion shop and reminisces of the past. As they're about to head out, 
DragonMC
 comes to visit and tells them before they go, on behalf of Capital City, they're given horses for being king. Dragon says the first horse Parrot chooses is destined to be fate and will be the horse for the entirety of his kingship. Parrot looks through all of the horses and sees a lone white horse out of all of the horses there. He sits on the horse and tames it first try. This horse was truly fate, as it was extremely fast and could jump very high. As for Theo, he tamed a donkey and Parrot forces him to keep it.

After making room for more players, Parrot's next step is to supply players with food so they don't starve. Parrot and Theo visit the train station and meet up with an old friend, 
lezy
, and asks for two tickets to 
Redstone Town
. Lezy gives the tickets for free and says the king doesn't need to pay. Parrot, still with the mindset that they're still players, decides to pay it either way. Parrot and Theo spend the next few days on the railway on their horses and ironically runs out of food, so they make a pitstop at a village to buy food. As they walk into the tavern, Parrot says what's up and the entire place goes quiet. One person speaks up and asks what they're doing there. Parrot goes up to the owners and asks if they can buy food, the owners say yes and says they can get twenty steaks for a few diamonds, Theo pays and they only give two steak. Parrot says they need food to get to Redstone Town, but the owners say he's ruining the server and that nobody likes him. The players in the tavern all start booing and pushing them out. They make it to Redstone Town and visits 
4CVIT
, Parrot asks 4CVIT to help them out with an automatic chicken farm, but 4CVIT refuses to help since the members of the town would be upset with him. This forces Parrot and Theo to build it on their own, and they spend several Minecraft days attempting it, with 4CVIT watching in the distance. 4CVIT feels bad seeing Parrot build so many chicken farms when he could've been finished way earlier, but 4CVIT is not able to provide them with a chicken and tells them that they can get one through an auction over at 
Merchant City
. 

They head over to Merchant City and asks the auctioneer what the average price of a chicken is, the auctioneer tells them a thousand diamonds, but the two of them only have a total of 400 diamonds, so they decide to play games around the city to earn diamonds. The first game they head to is an archery game, one shot is three diamonds, each target is worth one to three diamonds depending on the distance respectively, and the minecart at the back is worth ten diamonds. Parrot shoots the minecart and uses the prize to buy more shots and hits the minecart over and over again. The owner of the game gets angry and accuses Parrot of cheating, so he makes Parrot stand back further to make the shot harder, but it doesn't change anything and Parrot makes the shots still. The owner makes Parrot stand even further back on top of a house that's fifty blocks away, Parrot charges his bow and times it, he hits the shot and asks to buy more shots, but the owner gets frustrated and refuses to sell anymore and says he's went into debt from the game and storms off. They had garnered over 900 diamonds, which may be enough to buy the chicken, so they head over to the auction. During the auction, Theo bids for a Law-owned spear and an enchanted golden apple, but Parrot tells Theo to stop bidding on anything besides the chicken. Parrot notices the person sitting right next to Theo may be a problem, since he bid over 800 on an enchanted book. The last item is the chicken, Parrot and the other person bidding goes back and forth, when the price goes up too high, Parrot tells him that without the chicken, his kingdom will fall and bids everything they have. The other player bids more than what they have, as Parrot thinks they're going to lose the bet, Theo steps up and bids over a hundred thousand diamonds, thinking that it was a hundred more than what the previous bid was, winning the auction immediately. Parrot quietly leaves with the chicken and tells the auctioneer they'll have the payment in the future. 

Back at Redstone Town, 4CVIT and the other members of the city had built farms that can produce more food than necessary. They spend the next few Minecraft days breeding the chicken and storing chickens into the farms to their fullest limit. After their hard work, they stand on top of a hill and look at the farm. Parrot says they may be able to win people over, Theo asks if it bothers Parrot that people still hate him even with all the effort he's been putting, and that people still want Lettuce to be king. Parrot says it did bother him a little, but it's not to make people like him and only wants to do what's right. They wait several more Minecraft days for the farm to work its magic, they now have a new problem; transporting all of the chicken would take a long time using railroads. Parrot follows the minecarts full of chicken while Theo goes ahead and deals with whatever players or situation may be waiting for them. On the second wave of players, a group of lawmen try to attack Theo, but he kills them off and one runs away, Theo chases them. Theo's horn is blown, signaling to Parrot that it's safe to continue, but Parrot notices 
SargeLAW
, who says he's going to stop Parrot from being king. Parrot tells him if he destroys the chicken supplies, he won't be able to become king and will cause players to die. SargeLAW says if Parrot succeeds on becoming king, they wouldn't have a server to play on, especially with a king like Parrot. SargeLAW and his group of lawmen begin looking through the minecart chests, which were all empty. Parrot slowly backs up away from 
The Law
 and had managed to juke them. The truth was he had 4CVIT transport all the chicken using a happy ghast and that they'd buy him as much time as possible. 

On the 94th day, Parrot made it back to spawn, which had been fully reconstructed. Parrot is astonished at how quickly Horace rebuilt spawn. Horace brings Parrot to the designated food giver and shows them where players spawn now. Afterwards, he rides through the obsidian highway and greets the players that he stumbles across, but every time he stops to talk to them, they tell him how he had ruined the server. Parrot goes back to the Northern Council and down to the prison where he looks at Lettuce. Parrot asks Lettuce why people still hate him despite all of his work, it's only the new players that are supportive, not the old ones, and asks why that may be the case. Parrot mentions before they locked Lettuce up, he said the server was unrepairable and asks if that may be related. Lettuce only answers by saying, "Who knows?" Parrot calls him pathetic and says he did everything Lettuce could never do in thirty hours, Lettuce says if he really wanted to save all the players, he could've, he then asks Parrot why he didn't choose to. Parrot says he could've done something about it, Lettuce says sometimes you have to do whatever it takes to protect the people and that he'll find out soon enough and wishes him luck as a king and that he's surprised Parrot had made it this far as king.

On the hundredth day, an influx of the player base had grown exponentially, and Parrot's kingdom has grown with it. Parrot and Theo stand up top of the castle looking down at Northern Council. Parrot asks Theo if it was strange that players used up so many resources on withers to use at spawn, and that he thought it may be trollers or griefers, but doesn't understand why people would've taken it that far. Parrot says he doesn't care about who is responsible for it and focuses on what's more important: building up his kingdom.

Trivia

A player can be seen wearing netherite armor with quartz trims, the same ones used by 
The Director
 during Fymada's speech in Capital City.