"
I don't think we had any improvements in our quality of life.
" — 
This article is missing an image. Please help the 
Unstable Universe
 Wiki by 
uploading
 and 
adding
 one.

1v100
— 
FlameFrags

Minecraft Combat Master VS 100 Hunters
 is the 80th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

The video begins with a recap of the fight in 
SOLO Player VS Hardcore Minecraft SMP
 which was between 
FlameFrags
 and 
Wemmbu
 with 
Spoke
 watching invisible and from the sidelines. As Flame was about to go to the courtroom where 
Parrot
 and 
Theo
 had trapped 
Wemmbu
, the leader of 
The Law
, 
LettuceK
 showed up at his base. Lettuce calls Flame to the new Law base which is about 100 blocks from Flame's base. Lettuce says he recruited around 100 goons (from the nether) to take down Flame. Flame is impressed by how they built a new base in just one day. Lettuce introduces him to 
Deputy_Ace
; his right-hand man. Lettuce tries to persuade Flame to drop all his items in his inventory and ender chest and sit in a prison cell for a fortnight but Flame refuses. Lettuce gave Flame three more days to think and rehabilitate to become a law-abiding citizen. Flame calls his best friend 
Lomedy
 to help him gear up to fight the Law. Flame calls Lomedy to 
Merchant City
 and on the way, Flame tells him about the recent encounter with LettuceK. Flame makes a plan to disguse themselves with a law shield to learn about their battle strategies. Flame and Lomedy sneak into Law territory. Flame warns Lomedy to communicate with signs only and to not speak so their identity isn't blown. They search for Lettuce as the players are just "yapping". Flame and Lomedy listen in on LettuceK's  conversations. Lettuce makes an announcement of their gear shipment. Flame and Lomedy are stopped by Lettuce at the front gate as they try  to intercept the gear shipment. Lettuce tells them use of invisibility is prohibited in the Law Base. Flame stops Lomedy from speaking by breaking his signs. Lettuce threatens them to kick them out of Law and take action for breaking their simplest rule if they don't drink milk or speak. They run away into the nearby river. 42hunterdude is killed by LettuceK. Lomedy tries to convince Flame to turn himself in but he doesn't listen. They successfully intercept the shipment and kill the whole party plus their happy ghast. They take the shipment for themselves. Lomedy tells Flame he didn't have to kill them and Lomedy questions Flame's violent ways. Flame tells Lomedy about his motives. He explains that he is hunting Wemmbu because he is trying  to show that real skill doesn't come from power, orbital strike cannons, maces or dishonor. He explains that if people like Wemmbu prevail, people will forget about skill. Lomedy says that Flame should attack the Law right now. Flame makes another wolf machine.  Lettuce makes a speech about how Flame could stop this pointless bloodshed could stop if he turns himself in. Flame refuses. They fight and eventually, Flame comes out on top forcing Lettuce to run and killing his entire army. Flame goes back to his base. 

Parrot
 shows up and he asks Flame why he didn't show up at the 
Capitol City
 courtroom. Flame says that he was fighting off the Law.

Trivia

The video's original title was SOLO Player VS 100 Minecraft Hunters.