lowkey best base i've raided so far...
— 
Spoke

100 Days Hidden in a Minecraft Chunk Base
 is the 37th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

Spoke shows the base he is about to infiltrate and hide in for the next 100 days which is owned by 
Reddoons
 and 
Yeah Jaron
. Out of the 1000 players online, it is considered to be the #1 base. 

Spoke follows Jaron inside the base but as he was about to go inside the door closed. Spoke tries placing a block on the observer but the door kept closing before he could make it inside. Spoke decides to use an elytra and firework rockets. Spoke cannot make too much noise because Reddoons was inside the base.

The goals of the base were 'Build An Empire, Get Rich and Get More Rich'. Spoke was snooping around but then Reddoons came down he hid behind the bookshelves that were used for the enchanting table setup. Consequently, the book on the enchanting table opened and faced towards 
Spoke
. Luckily, Reddoons didn't spot it.

Spoke tried hopping downbut he took fall damage that makes noise that could alert Reddoons about his whereabouts. 

On day 3, Spoke went to his stash to get some potion materials, ender pearls and even a chorous fruit. Spoke went back inside the base but when he tried hopping up using a boat, he almost immediately got spotted. Once Reddoons left, Spoke went up and block his cobblestone to hide his tracks. Spoke noticed Jaron's nametag in a  contraption below. Spoke noticed some automatic farms. One produced beeswax, another produced pumpkins. Spoke tried going up the stairs but Reddoons was blocking  him, Spoke waited for Reddoons to pass and he went up and even saw a cactus farm, a wheat farm, a carrot farm, a wheat farm, a potato farm and a sweetberry farm. 

Spoke decides  to mine out his secret bunker but Reddoons came back up and before Spoke could block it Reddoons saw it. Spoke wasn't sure if his cover was blown, but Reddoons simply just covered it up probably thinking it was his basemate's tunnel. 

On Day 5, Spoke goes up another layer and finds an automatic sugarcane farm; but then Spoke heard a chest open. It was Jaron. 

On Day 6, Spoke decides to build his secret base near the automatic cactus farm. 

On Day 7, He mined out the area for his base, and placed down his brewing stand, a crafting table and four furnaces. He also mined out the floor and stored  the loot he stole from the last base he raided in 
I Survived 100 Days Inside a Hidden Base
 and 
I Spent 100 Days Hidden in a Secret Minecraft Base...
. 

On Day 8, he made a room to make a map of the base. Spoke realises his invisibility ran out and reinvis. 

On Day 9, Spoke explores the base and he finds their storage. Spoke doesn't steal Reddoons opens the chest so he doesn't make sound, Spoke saw a board for their upcoming trades and in how many days that trade would take in. On the opposite board it was the enemies list with Spoke, 
Mapicc
, EvilMaster and 
PlanetLord
 included on it. Finally Reddoons dropped down. Spoke decides this is his chance to find some crazy farms.

On Day 10, Spoke finds the chests of Pumpkins, Melons and Honey Bottles and some ominous potions. 

On Day 11, Spoke heard someone climbing up the ladder which was Reddoons. Spoke thought he was fine until his invisibility ran out. Spoke hid behind the wall of their storage room. Spoke needed to stay crouched or he'll be exposed. Spoke jumps down leaving him barely alive with 2 hearts. Somehow his damage noise was just out of range  and Reddooons didn't notice; when he was out of sight, Spoke quickly drank another potion of invisibility. 

On Day 12, Spoke goes back to his secret base and replaced his walls with melons and pumpkins.

On Day 13, he finished renovating his base. 

On Day 14,  Spoke crafted some hoppers, and created a model of how Spoke would leech off their farms and take it's resources. 

On Day 15, he put his plan in action. and implemented it on the automatic sugarcane farm. 

He was practically finished on Day 16, but then he saw Reddoons right through the walls. Reddoons opened some chests but he didn't spot Spoke's hoppers. 

On Day 17, Spoke was able to start mining. 

On Day 18, Spoke connected the tunnel to his secret base.

On Day 19,  Spoke made the bunker even prettier. 

On Day 20, Spoke lit the tunnels with torches and checked how much profit he made from the farms. 

On Day 21, He went back out to search out for better farms. 

On Day 22, Spoke spotted a new chest that was added to the storage room which was filled with cobwebs. 

On Day 23, Spoke went all the way up to see whats at the top of the secret base. Spoke saw Jaron's nametag but somehow he was above the roof. So, Spoke found a spot in the wall and dug up. However, instead of seeing a secret room he saw the night sky. Since Spoke was curious why Jaron was standing on the top of the mountain he sticked around. 

On Day 24, Spoke was replenishing his invisibility when 2 players showed up. The players demanded Jaron to drop the items but in return Jaron asked them to show him their items. Jaron realised they weren't here to trade but they were here to rob him. Jaron tried running but Spoke, and the players chased after him incase someone died. Spoke realized he needed Jaron alive if he wanted to gain more profit so Spoke places cobwebs on them trying to slow them down just so Jaron could escape. They then tried to escape once Spoke equipped his armor. Spoke then stroke a deal with them that would come in handy later.

On Day 25, Spoke checked when Jaron's next trade would occur. (17 days from now). 

On Day 26, Spoke checked how much the farms had made. 

On Day 27, Spoke got distracted.

On Day 28, Spoke made an ender pearl stasis to get out of trouble. 

On Day 29, Spoke was going to find more farms to raid but he almost broke the block right infront of Reddoons. Spoke eventually found what seemed to be a lava farm and also a cobblestone farm. 

On Day 30, Spoke discovered a chorous fruit farm but it didn't seem like it was working; so, Spoke began to fix their farm for them. Although Reddoons was right behind Spoke, Reddoons didn't notice Spoke and neither did Spoke. 

On Day 31, Spoke remembered his goal of rigging a farm. Eventually, Spoke found something useful; a mushroom farm which is a key ingredient in making fermented spider eyes which are used to brew invisibility potions. 

On Day 32, Spoke finished rigging the mushroom farm and connected it to his secret base. 

On Day 33, Spoke was staying productive and kept searching. Until Spoke noticed Reddoons returning on a flying machine with a minecart with a chest. Spoke waited for Reddoons to leave and checked and in the chest there was 192 torches, 36 diamonds, and 256 golden carrots. 

On Day 34. Spoke was back at the secret base and he added the new rooms he found to his map.

On Day 35, Spoke used his stolen lava buckets to add some "new features". 

On Day 36, Spoke finished adding his new features. 

On Day 37, Spoke was about to leave but then he noticed Reddoons was coming towards his direction. Spoke quickly got on the stairs to avoid Reddoons as Spoke was running out of invisibility. Spoke hid in the wall. 

On Day 38, Spoke drank a potion of invisibility to reinvis. 

On Day 39, Spoke expanded his bunker even more.

On Day 40, Spoke was back to exploring and he found an automatic potion brewer. Spoke takes a bunch of Harming and Poison potions. 

On Day 41, Spoke spotted Jaron which reminded Spoke tomorrow was the day of the trade. 

On Days 42 and 43, The player had arrived. Spoke had the bandits set up stasises and the bandits reappeared and killed the player. Spoke had rigged their stasises because Spoke knew the bandits would kill him; so Spoke threw poison and harming on them which killed them. 

On Day 44, Spoke went back inside the base like nothing happened. 

On Day 45, Spoke saw some new trades added to the board despite recent events. 

On Day 46, Spoke made his bunker even prettier. 

On Day 47, Spoke made some hoppers, and chests. 

On Day 48, Spoke rigged a bunch of farms; secretly taking items from the farms.

On Days 49 and 50, Spoke finished connecting all the tunnels. 

On Day 51, Spoke noticed he stole 0 items so he decided to check but he saw Reddoons at the farm. Spoke watched Reddoons place a new sign on the trading board.

On Day 52, Spoke finally fixed the problem. 

On Day 53, Spoke remembered another trade was coming up. 

On Day 54, Jaron seemed to be grabbing some items.

On Day 55, Spoke was waiting for Jaron to go to the top but instead Jaron started running down one of the tunnels. 

On Day 56, They finally made it to the top where another player was waiting. Spoke tried to troll them.

On Day 57, FartSteve08 tried to kill Spoke for trying to interrupt their trade. Spoke elytra'd away from FartSteve. 

On Day 58, To make up for not getting items Spoke decided to search for valuables inside the base.

On Day 59, Spoke renovated his bunker.

On Day 60 and 61, Spoke checked all his rigged farms to see if they were getting him items. 

On Day 62, Spoke decides to rig the Chicken egg farm. 

On Day 63, Spoke had the hoppers completely set out.

On Day 64, Spoke connected everything.

On Day 65, Spoke made his system more time efficient because he came up with a design to lead all the hoppers of the rigged farms into one singular chest.

On Days 66 and 67, Spoke mined out all the area.

On Day 68, Spoke set out with a mission of finding the best farm. Spoke found out that trades were coming up in 4 and 15 days respectively. Spoke changed the coordinates of the trades coming up in 4 days from 9000 ~ -7200 to 45000 ~ -600

On Day 69, Spoke watched Reddoons do his normal routine and when he looked at the board he didn't suspect a thing. Reddoons went on the flying machine and Spoke followed it from  the ground.

On Day 70, Spoke kept following the flying machine. 

On Day 71, Reddoons finally stopped the machine. 

On Day 72, Under the snow was Hopper Minecarts that would pick up any items dropped. The player Spoke asked to be bait was 
Jepexx
. Unfortunately Jepexx was AFK which hampered Spoke's plan. 

On Day 73, Jepexx was nowhere near his computer. So, Reddoons left.

On Day 74, Spoke followed Reddoons back. 

On Day 75, Spoke was back on the mission of finding the best farm. 

On Day 76, Spoke found a pitcher pod and torchflower seeds farm using sniffers.

On Day 77, Spoke decides to rig this farm anyways. 

On Day 78, Spoke finished connecting it all. 

On Day 79,  Spoke noticed Jaron's next trade was in 2 days.

On Day 80, Spoke went on top of the mountain ready to fish the items towards him.

On Day 81, The trade had begun. 

On Day 82, Spoke did nothing.

On Day 83, Spoke cleared his mind by doing some therapeutic building. Spoke also threw eggs everywhere; even in the lava. 

On Day 84, Spoke realised he is a failure.

On Day 85, Spoke realised some pumpkins aren't going to save him from his bad decisions.

On Day 86, Spoke decided to get some fresh air which meant going out into the base. 

On Day 87, Spoke decided to rig the chorous fruit farm but he ran out of hoppers.

On Day 88, Spoke just stole from the chorous fruit chest.

On Day 89, Spoke had a 'blast' in the base.

On Day 90, Spoke decided to check on what Jaron's been doing at the bottom of the base.

On Day 91, Spoke saw the raid bar and freaked out because a team on the server called 
The Invisible Mafia
 killed all the villagers and mobs don't spawn for unknown reasons and raids need at least a minimum of one villager. Therefore, the base somehow had a villager. 

On Day 92, Spoke decided to try and steal the villager.

On Day 93, Spoke went down a water chute but found nothing.

On Day 94, Spoke went back up but he got stuck. He couldn't mine up because Jaron was right there. Spoke managed to swim down and break a glass to escape.

On Day 95, Spoke did nothing.

On Day 96, Spoke cleared out room for the materials to steal the villager.

On Day 97, Spoke had his closest moment with death and he descended into the farm. 

On Days 98 and 99, Raiders had placed TNT inside the base and found Spoke's secret base. Spoke crafted diamond armour and enchanted it. Spoke also equipps his 
netherite chestplate.
 Spoke makes a trap to kill all of them. The bandits say Spoke killed Jimmy. Spoke accidentally blows up the whole base with his trap. 

On Day 100, Jaron and Reddoons come back to their destroyed base and confront Spoke. Spoke escapes.

Navigation