On the Unstable SMP, the world’s largest hardcore Minecraft server, the strongest players and I are about to fight an army of 2500 players all at once.
— 
FlameFrags

2500 Players VS Minecraft Combat Master
 is the 115th episode featured in Unstable Universe. This marks the end of 
FlameFrags
's perspective of 
The Kings Arc
.

Plot

Flame
 does a foreshadow about the upcoming fight against 
The Law
 in 
Northern Council
. Flame recaps about the battles he had took part in against the Law until he took part against a 2v1000. The news spread like wildfire and eventually causing Flame to get exiled. Flame had trained for a month all leading up to this moment.

Flame returns to his base realizing it got griefed with banners with the Law's insignia. 
LettuceK
 comes to Flame's base trying to convince Flame to stop. Lettuce fails to convince Flame, so he goes back to the Northern Council. Just as he leaves, 
Wemmbu
 digs into Flame's base base, asking, "Have you seen an 
eggchan
?" Flame responds with no and Wemmbu says that he wants to team up with him because he needs to get a 
friend
 out of the prison. Flame says he also has a 
friend
 he needs to get out of the prison. They both agree to get their friends out. They fight the local garrison led by 
SargeLAW
. They defeat the garrison but SargeLaw retreats to get Lettuce. They notice 
PrinceZam
, 
SpokeIsHere
 and 
JumperWho
 are also killing the guards inside the prison. Flame asks Wemmbu where Lomedy is. Wemmbu asks Flame if Lomedy really  wants to leave and Wemmbu tells Flame to free all the prisoners inside and he'll stall Lettuce. Flame goes inside the prison and kills the guards one by one and destroying the doors and security. Flame meets Spoke, Zam and Jumper where the cells are. 
Th3Blurpinstein
 is seen running away as the others keep fighting. After the massacre, Flame requests Lomedy to escape but Lomedy refuses until his sentence has been fulfilled and refuses as he is not breaking the law. Lomedy also doesn't trust Flame as eh stole his mace, destroyed his farm and keeps fighting the Law and doesn't admit he's in the wrong. Lomedy says he's going to leave if the Law lets him go. Lomedy requests his mace but Flame refuses until he leaves. Flame is now only left with the option of taking down Law. Flame decides to use his mace for the army at the top of Law headquarters. They massacre the army and Flame notices Jaden MAN in the fight. Flame requests Jaden drop it but he says he can ask for it later. Wemmbu drops 
Orbital Strike Cannons
 on the headquarters until its rubble. Spoke asks them if they had seen 
ParrotX2
. Wemmbu asks them why they need Parrot but they say they need to sway the public so another group doesn't form another Law.  

Spoke leads them to his base in 
The Amplified
. Flame doesn't want to work with them due to them mostly provoking Flame in the past. Spoke led massive armies in an attempt to kill Flame; Jaden stole his friend: Lomedy's other mace and betrayed Flame; and Jumper worked with 
BAT
 in attempts to kill him. There they meet up with 
Mapicc
 and 
MinuteTech
 both enemies of Flame. Spoke tries to rally them together as they've had been involved in conflicts against each other but it barely helps. Minute supplys them with shulker boxes to fight the Law. Wemmbu notices an invisible person and warns them about it but later is informed that is a 
spy
. The spy informs them that thousands of law soldiers are converging to a single area. Spoke hypothesizes that the area must be where Parrot escaped to. They get into a debate on why they need Parrot. Spoke asks Wemmbu what he is going to do after he kills Lettuce and he replies with that he is going to ride off into the sunset. Zam and Spoke calls him stupid and then asks Flame what he is going to do after he kills Lettuce. Flame replies with that he is going to gain all the aura and that everyone is going to pat him on the head and the immortal demon is back in town and then he is going to slime out Jaden. Flame starts attacking Jaden for not giving him his mace and Wemmbu orbitals trying to stop them from fighting.   

Wemmbu elytras over to the location and Flame walks over there. Together, Flame, Parrot, 
TheobaldTheBird
 and Wemmbu kill every lawmen there. They go up top and get on a happy ghast and fly over to the base. Parrot asks them who was here during 
The Invisible Mafia Arc
 and leads them to 
District 13
.  Parrot gives a speech to rally their troops and leads them to Northern Council. They fight off  the first wave of diamond lawmen and they go into the palace to confront Lettuce and his generals. Lettuce then reveals the netherite legions. They barely fight them off and Flame, drained of resources decides to fight Jaden to try and take Lomedy's mace. Wemmbu intervenes. During the fight, Lettuce comes back and surrenders. The group leads them to the palace. They hold a vote on whether to kill Lettuce. They ultimately vote to let him live in the prison. Lettuce tells Flame that he should change so that all of the horrible actions he had done wouldn't be in vain and prove the world wrong that he was wrong. Flame goes back into the Law headquarters and free Lomedy and gives him back his mace.   

Trivia

This is the longest FlameFrags video on the Unstable SMP, with it being around 1 hour, 39 minutes, and 57 seconds long.

The thumbnail has been changed 1 time.