largest battle in all of minecraft
 
— 
Wemmbu

2 Minecraft Pros VS 1000 Players
 is the 85th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

The episode starts off with 
Wemmbu
 and 
FlameFrags
 starting their rematch, but unexpectedly, 
LettuceK
 and 
his team of lawmen
 come and jump them. The two try to kill off the lawmen, but it would've drained too much of their resources, so they decide to leave. Wemmbu escapes and restocks, and Flame follows along to try and continue their battle. The lawmen catch up and jump them again. Wemmbu uses an 
orbital strike cannon
 to kill some of them off, but it barely did anything. He flees from the fight since there's too many of them still.

As Wemmbu is swimming away, Flame chases again and is ready to fight once more. Wemmbu gives the idea to deal with Lettuce first and then fight, but Flame says he's going to run from the fight. Wemmbu stops running and the two decide to work together to defeat Lettuce first. They go back to Flame's base to restock, and when Wemmbu goes outside to farm sugar cane for rockets, he sees lawmen coming from a distance. After deafting the army of lawmen once again, Lettuce flies away. Wemmbu and Flame pursue him, but their tridents break mid-chase.

The two then try to sneak into The Law's base and kill Lettuce there. Wemmbu makes it to the main building, and Lettuce notices him immediately. Flame and Wemmbu jump Lettuce, Flame tells Lettuce that he won't beat Flame no matter what. Lettuce tells them if they kill him, nothing would change since there's a chain of command and it would break connections between 
Capitol City
 and 
Merchant City
. Lettuce then says he won't stop hunting them until they submit or become a prisoner. Instead, Wemmbu proposes a fight with Lettuce and all his lawmen, and Lettuce accepts the deal. 

Wemmbu and Flame go back to Flame's base to collect the loot of the dead lawmen. They then head to the black market inside of Capitol City to rob players for their experience. Wemmbu tries to be intimidating, but it doesn't work. He starts killing players if they don't abide, and it starts to work. The people begin to chase them as they leave, but are unable to catch up. Wemmbu and Flame head to Merchant City next and talk to a rich civilian who lives there. He asks for netherite ingots in exchange for mending books, but Wemmbu doesn't have mending books, instead giving the civilian netherite sets with mending on them. He also trades off a few more sets of armor for shulkers full of materials. 

The two begin to minecart to their designated fighting location. In the midst of it, Wemmbu falls down 
some sort of trap, but survives since it was already set off
. They fly the rest of the way there, standing on top of a massive statue. They wait days for the lawmen to arrive, and they see thousands of players coming into view. Lettuce blows a horn to signal them to start attacking. Wemmbu activates three orbital strike cannons, which kills hundreds of players instantly. For the first half of the fight, they kill the lawmen with ease. However, later on in the fight, players with maces and Elytras start to appear. Though it being a bit challenging, Wemmbu kills one of the mace wielders that was AFK, and kill a few more soon after. He gives Flame a mace and an Elytra, Flame rejects it at first, but takes them out of pity. 

 
 
 
 
The location after the fight.
 
 

They kill the last remaining lawmen, and Wemmbu looks at the battlefield and the destruction they have caused. Behind him, Flame burns the Elytra and mace given to him and starts to attack Wemmbu. Flame uses a fishing rod to teleport his dogs to his location and Wemmbu tries to orbital strike them. Flame says he wants Wemmbu to admit that he's stronger than him. Wemmbu then has an epiphany, he tells Flame he can have the title of being the strongest player again. Flame then leaves after hearing what he wanted to hear. Wemmbu looks in his inventory, having three maces, an extra from one of the lawmen. He throws the extra away into down a hole created by the stab shot. Out of nowhere, Lettuce appears and says Wemmbu has definitely seen better days. He elytras down into the hole and picks the mace up. He comes back up and thanks Wemmbu for it. Lettuce, seeing the current state Wemmbu is in, then takes him as a prisoner or else he dies.

Trivia

This is the second longest episode after 
The Invisible Mafia Arc
.

This episode has the most amount of 
Unstable Events
 players.

Wemmbu accidentally kills LettuceK during the event this episode was based on but obviously, the scene was cut.

This episode has 11 Million Views on Youtube, making it the most viewed S2 video.