On the Unstable SMP, LettuceK is currently beating every other candidate in the election by 6,000 votes. 
— ParrotX2

2 Minecraft Pros VS 1000 Hunters
 is the 106th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

Parrot
 recaps all of the events that has happened in previous episodes, ever since Lettuce got 6,000 votes at the start of the election, Parrot had a plan. Ever since 
The Law
 took over the server, 
LettuceK
 got ahold of 
Wemmbu
 and put him in custody, but Parrot knew Wemmbu had escaped and fled to the 
Great Sea
, being one of the few people that knew about it. Lettuce gathers the final four candidates to make an announcement, he says he'll host another debate a day from now, deciding who will make it to the final round, Parrot uses this chance to try and get Wemmbu to go to the debate and expose Lettuce. The plan is risky, as if Lettuce found out Parrot was doing this, he would send his lawmen to take down Wemmbu, but Parrot had no other choice.

Parrot travels sixteen hours to the Great Sea, he goes to the Pirate City base only to see it be abandoned. He stands on top of the building and sees Wemmbu and 
Eggchan
 standing at another point of the base. Parrot runs to them, Wemmbu questions why he was there. Although it had been a while since Parrot last talked to Wemmbu and that they weren't on the greatest of terms, Parrot still had to try and see if Wemmbu would work with him. Parrot asks Wemmbu if he knows all about the election, Wemmbu says he's been too busy getting hunted, so Parrot explains what's been going on at spawn and asks if Wemmbu would work with him to take down Lettuce. Wemmbu says why would he ever work with Parrot, Parrot says if Lettuce ends up winning, he'd never be able to return to the main server, and before Parrot could continue, Wemmbu punches Parrot off the edge to talk to egg first. Parrot waits in the meantime, Wemmbu says he'll agree to help defeat Lettuce, leaving egg behind as it would be too dangerous for him. Parrot asks Wemmbu if he knows a faster way back to spawn since traveling by boat would take too much time before the debate started. Wemmbu says there's a dolphin tunnel that connects to 
Capital City
, but is more dangerous with all the lawmen that guards the area. 

They boat towards the island, Parrot comes up with the idea to fight them, but Wemmbu isn't geared enough to do so. The next best idea was for Parrot to run up to the island and pretend to rat Wemmbu out, all the lawmen run into the ocean except the netherite guard, who says he has to stay and protect the island. Parrot lies to the guard and says if he captured Wemmbu, he'd get a promotion in The Law, the guard believes it and leaves the island in search for Wemmbu. Parrot and Wemmbu, who was invisible the whole time, make it to the tunnel. While Parrot and Wemmbu are traveling back, Lettuce hosts a meeting at the Northern Council with all of his lawmen, he suspects that Parrot is bringing Wemmbu back to Law territory and instructs them to stop them from coming back into The Law's territory and to kill them. Back in the tunnel, Parrot and Wemmbu make good progress on their way back until lawmen start coming from the opposite direction, going unnoticed at the speed they're going, so they dig through the wall and boat up on surface the rest of the way back.

Back on land, Parrot says there's a happy ghast with loot in the cherry biome headed above, he explains that they can use the happy ghast to fly above all of Law territory and make it to the debate. Before they head to the location, Parrot checks a chest that would signal whenever somebody walked past a sculk contraption. It had went off over 105 times, which is way higher than it should be normally, which meant that The Law knew they were coming. Parrot uses his spyglass to look, and spots a bunch of lawmen hiding behind trees. Parrot says they'd have to go off path and find one of his other friends, they head to a village and Wemmbu walks out in plain sight, alerting the Law guards of their whereabouts. Wemmbu tries to start fighting, but Parrot says otherwise and to run. They run and jump into a cave, running down a mineshaft and blocks it off.

It then cuts to Lettuce having a meeting with his commanders, he tells them that the four are his strongest guards and instructs them to hunt down Parrot and Wemmbu as well. 
Deputy_Ace
 asks if this is a good idea, Lettuce wonders if Ace is trying to defend them, and Ace apologizes. 

Parrot and Wemmbu surface and loses the lawmen, Wemmbu asks where they're going and Parrot says they're going to a special river. They make the rest of the way there scott free, Parrot goes to check if the location is right. Parrot lead them to a nautilus shop owned by 
CoinMonke
, a notorious smuggler on the server. Coin sees Wemmbu and says he doesn't trust Wemmbu, but Parrot convinces Coin after telling him he's going to lose the election if they don't make it to the election. Parrot asks for the best way to get back to spawn without encountering The Law, Coin says they have to go down the Kings River and go northwest, leading to a path called The Smuggler's Pass and past The Law graveyard until they get to the professional smugglers. Parrot asks to borrow the two nautilus, and although Coin doesn't trust Wemmbu still, he lets them take it either way. They make it to a checkpoint, Parrot looks and sees a gate that may block off their way there, but he sees a player with nothing coming out the other way with a nautilus, so they sneak their way past the lawmen guarding the checkpoint. After making it past, three lawmen spot them, leading them to turn back and fend for themselves. They run up a hill, Wemmbu successfully maces a lawmen and loots it, they start running off as more lawmen come to their location. Parrot sees a pig with a saddle and grabs it with a lead, They then tower up, Parrot drops wind charges into the water and bows off the lawmen as they climb up. Wemmbu towers back up, running out of blocks in the process, Parrot towers to him and asks for his Elytra, but Wemmbu isn't willing to give it up, so Parrot gives Wemmbu the lead that held onto the pig. Parrot then jumps on the pig and tells Wemmbu to start flying and teaches him how to infinitely fly using the Elytra without having to use rockets. They make it far enough for the lawmen to stop chasing them before Wemmbu's Elytra broke.

Deeper into Law territory, they make it to the Smuggler's Pass and spots a massive mountain build. They cross the path that was built alongside the edge, Wemmbu asks to exchange armor with Parrot, as they do, Parrot sees invis particles following them. SargeLaw reveals himself and begins to chase them, tons more lawmen come from behind, Parrot lies and says he has TNT minecarts set up right under them, and they stop attacking. Wemmbu tests SargeLAW by saying he can't kill him since Lettuce instructed them to not kill Wemmbu, but rather take him captive. Wemmbu writes on a sign that he's buying time and for Parrot to come with a plan. Parrot sees eggchan amidst the crowd of lawmen, Parrot renames an arrow and shoots it to egg, asking for armor for both him and Wemmbu. Parrot gives Wemmbu the armor through a chest, and tells him to switch over to the Law shield, splashing invis on the ground right next to a bunch of lawmen, which essentially made them look like a lawmen. SargeLaw starts killing his own lawmen to make it easier, Parrot, Wemmbu, and egg all run away from the commotion. When they get out of sight, Parrot asks if egg infiltrated The Law to come help, but egg says he only infiltrated because he wanted to. 

They make it to the end of the Smuggler's Pass, Parrot says they should keep heading back, Wemmbu says that he's going to kill him and tells egg to box him. Wemmbu asks if Parrot knows how they ended up with nothing, Parrot says it's because of Lettuce, but Wemmbu keeps backtracking to the beginning, when Parrot revealed Wemmbu's secret identity. Wemmbu says he was free to do whatever, but ever since Parrot revealed his identity, Lettuce wouldn't have ever ran for king, and says everything that has happened because of Parrot. Parrot apologizes, he says how after Wemmbu knocked into the void, that he just disappeared and the last time he say Wemmbu was when Lettuce brought him up on stage. He says how he was going to apologize to Wemmbu at Pirate City before he got knocked off. Parrot explains the reasoning behind him revealing Wemmbu's identity, how it was over a tomb with items, Parrot could give it to the players in need, but he realized that it wasn't the right thing to do. Parrot says Lettuce would do anything in his way to get rid of any person who he thinks is in the wrong and that he isn't capable of being king of the server, Parrot apologizes again for revealing Wemmbu's identity without seeing the true purpose of why he did so, he says if Wemmbu kills him right there, nothing would change about the server and he would still be hunted down endlessly. Egg agrees that Wemmbu's beef has been with Lettuce and not Parrot, and Wemmbu changes his mind on killing Parrot and sets him free. 

They make it to the Law graveyard, Parrot spots a player that's pretending to mourn a grave, Parrot asks if he's the smuggler and asks for the fastest way back. The person writes a sign telling them to follow him, but none of them trust it. Parrot sees that the smuggler flashed a Law shield for a split second, so he tests him to see if he's a real smuggler by asking for the name of the person that owns the nautilus shop. The smuggler asks why that matters and Parrot says he's a smuggler and should know this, the person then pulls out a TNT minecart and sets it off, blowing up the entire graveyard with it and himself. 
The_Oroboros
, another commander of The Law, comes to the graveyard and investigates, he looks up and sees 
TheobaldTheBird
 standing above him. It goes to Theo's perspective, Theo begins to attack Oroboros using carts, the fight slowly drains his armor and Oroboros ends up dying. Theo makes a tomb for him and writes "loser" on it.

The time for the debate has come, Parrot had not shown up for it, and Lettuce makes himself the moderator for the debate, as they don't have a new one. Lettuce starts off by asking each candidate what they've done this election, Lettuce goes first by saying he liberated the Great Sea and captured the leader of the Pirates, 
Jaden_MAN
. 
Purpled
 goes next, he says that he fought back during the purge and has the desire to save people. Next is 
Boosfer
, who doesn't say anything for his turn. Lettuce makes an announcement, he says that Wemmbu would be executed if he was elected, but says Wemmbu had died to an explosion trying to escape custody. Purpled doesn't trust his sources, just as he says that, the doors behind them opens up, Parrot and Wemmbu run towards the debate. Parrot comes up to the front and brings Wemmbu up with him, Lettuce is shocked to see Wemmbu and asks how Parrot did it. Lettuce says he can't bring a criminal up and asks if he broke Wemmbu out, Parrot says Wemmbu had always lived out in the Great Sea. Parrot starts to speak up, he says that Lettuce sent the 1,000 players to kill Wemmbu and 
Flame
 just to die. Parrot says he had a long talk with Wemmbu while going to spawn and he's not a bad person, and that Lettuce sent the entirety of Law to kill us and attempted to blow them up. Parrot asks Wemmbu for his side of the story, but Lettuce doesn't let him do so and pots up strength, trying to mace Wemmbu, but Wemmbu uses a stasis to teleport away. Parrot continues, he says Lettuce never cared about the 1,000 players and only cared about becoming king. He tells the entire server that Lettuce will lie, blackmail, and do whatever he can to get what he wants. Lettuce deems himself as the intern of the server and puts the election on hold until it is safe enough to resume. Lettuce says he got word that his commanders apprehended Theo, and if he wants Theo back, Parrot would have to endorse him and go to jail. The episode ends with Parrot saying that Lettuce should've kept that between the two of them.

Trivia

This is the shortest gap between Parrot videos, usually uploading every three weeks, this one was nine days apart from the previous.

There are a lot of references from past videos shown in this video.

Parrot uses a similar redstone contraption that checks to see if anyone walked around in 
I Got Hunted by the World's Best Minecraft Player
.

Parrot has another important moment set in a snowy biome, the last one being when 
Wifies
 revealed himself to be the Director in 
Hunting a Minecraft Player Who Doesn't Exist
.

Parrot reuses the same technique of renaming an arrow to send a message from his previous video 
I Survived the Unstable SMP Purge
.

Wemmbu uses ice to cover ground quicker, a nod to 
Rejoicin
 and 
I Explored an Abandoned Minecraft Civilization
.

There are three new locations near spawn presented to us - Kings River, The Smugglers Pass, The Law Graveyard.

Parrot and Wemmbu survive 5 near-death situations in a single video.

The question "How does Law recruit its people" is raised. It hints at the low average age of the members in Law.

Navigation