2v1000
— 
FlameFrags

2 VS 1000 Player Minecraft Battle
 is the 86th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

The episode begins with a recap of the fight they're about to take at the ending of 
Hunting a Minecraft Player Who Faked His Death
. 
Flame
 makes a recap of the full episode and talking how 
Wemmbu
 had beat him with "dishonourable" means in 
SOLO Player VS Hardcore Minecraft SMP
. 

Wemmbu asks Flame for where to fight the 1000 players. Together, both of them travel to a big statue in minecarts as traveling by minecarts would have more "aura". Flame is worried of a TNT minecart trap at the end of the railway. Wemmbu says he already satisfied and doesn't want to fight Flame anymore because he already had beaten him. Flame says Wemmbu faked his death to dodge a fight from him and Wemmbu was searching the entire globe for him. Wemmbu argues that he doesn't care about Flame that much, so he didn't fake his death to dodge a fight. Flame and Wemmbu arrive at the statue and they see a giant horde of players all lead by a player named 
LettuceK
; the leader of 
The Law
. As the players load in a massive amount of lag sets in. Wemmbu detonates two nuke shots that kills a portion of the players but not enough to get rid of the lag. Flame jumps down into the pit while Wemmbu circles in the skies. Flame pulls one of his wolf rods to kill some players. Flame struggles to eat golden apples due to the immense lag. Flame is swarmed by dozens of players even some in full netherite. Flame decides to use TNT minecarts to kill a lot of players but he demands Wemmbu to give him some space so he can take some out of his shulker box. Flame manages to kill huge groups of players with his TNT minecarts. Wemmbu asks Flame to get in a corner so he can stab-shot and kill hundreds of the horde. Flame runs out of experience bottles; a vital resource to mend his armor. Flame moles his way back up to the ground. Flame restocks while Wemmbu is also running low on his experience bottle supply. Flame kills hundreds of players in a cave using TNT minecarts. In the process he pops himself. Flame runs back to the surface to meet up with Wemmbu. Flame's helmet breaks. Despite his dilapidated state, Flame goes on a killing spree killing over 20 players.  Flame runs up to the top of the statue to get extra gear. Flame starts running as his armor his on the verge of breaking. Some player's stole Wemmbu's armor shulkers and run. The fact of whether they got their shulkers back is unknown. Flame eventually takes a mace and an elytra from Wemmbu which he picked up from dead players of the 1000 player army. They meet up at the top of the statue to receive his mace and elytra. Flame states that he picked up the elytra and mace due to the 1000v2 situation and he'll fight unfair if the enemy is fighting unfair. The army is decimated. Flame even gets some cool kills such as TNT minecart - mace (stun slam) combo to kill a player, Mace - Mace (stun slam) combo, quick dropping a netherite player and combos that exceed the double digits. Eventually all that remains is 
Venthatguy
. Flame restocks while Wemmbu kills the last player. While Wemmbu is restocking, Flame betrays him and starts killing him. Flame pulls his wolf rod to counter Wemmbu's nukes. Wemmbu misses his last stab shot as Flame dodges it. Wemmbu then pulls a nuke shot that barely kills a wolf, although it did damage the wolf armor by a notable amount. Wemmbu's armor breaks and Wemmbu falls into a hole. Flame then asks Wemmbu to accept defeat and accept that he is the strongest player on the Unstable SMP. Wemmbu reluctantly agrees and Flame leaves. The scene changes to The Law's headquarters where Lettuce's right-hand man, 
Deputy Ace
 asks why he lead a thousand players into a meat grinder. Lettuce replies with, "Which idiot would play all their cards in one move?" stating that he has a plan to kill or capture both Flame and Wemmbu.  

Trivia

The original thumbnail and most of the former titles support the idea of Wemmbu perceiving Flame as more of a friend throughout the video and Flame still thinking of Wemmbu as an enemy.

As of April 28th 2026, there are 5 variations of the title:

1000 Minecraft Hunters VS Minecraft's Deadliest Duo

SOLO Player VS 1001 Minecraft Hunters

SOLO Player VS 1000 Minecraft Hunters

1000 Players VS Minecraft Combat Master

2 VS 1000 Player Minecraft Battle

The thumbnail has been changed 1 time.

 
 
 
 
Previous Thumbnail