On the Unstable SMP, I assembled the best team of players to fight back against 
The Law
 and my greatest enemy, 
Leo
! This is how I Fought a War with 
Parrot
, 
FlameFrags
, and 
Wemmbu
— 
SpokeIsHere

4 Minecraft Pros VS 2500 Players
 is the 113th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. This marks the end of 
SpokeIsHere
's perspective of 
The Kings Arc
 and 
The BAT Arc
.

Plot

Spoke
 foreshadows about the upcoming fight vs 
The Law
 and their armies. 

Spoke, 
PrinceZam
, 
Mapicc
 and  
JumperWho
 have prepared makeshift arrow cannons at the tunnels 
Leow0ok
 blew up. They trigger the cannons killing a chunk of the invading force but not enough to stop the invasion. They try escaping but Zam falls back in. Jumper pulls Zam's stasis to bring Zam to safety. The bunker had been overran.

They decide to recruit more people to fight 
Bounty Assassin Team
 and The Law. They go to a prison to save some more people and recruit them. Jumper directs them to a prison holding her spies while Jumper splits off to go somewhere. They splash invisibility to sneak into the prison. They see the castle that reminds them of 
The Invisible Mafia's
 architecture that's not built by B.A.T or The Law. Zam suggests going in guns blazing but they realize they aren't well-equipped enough. So, Spoke suggests using a tunnel to save the spies. Spokes invisibility runs out before he could even make it in the castle. Mapicc throws invisibility on Spoke redisguising Spoke. Spoke elytras down to the base of the prison and calls Zam to come down. They mine into the prison. Spoke slowly rescues them one by one.   

Spoke tries to stop Zam and Mapicc from blowing up the prison from the bottom using carts but Spoke is unable to stop them and they explode it from the floor. They fight and the guards at the prison seem to have powerful gear almost killing Spoke. Spoke isn't geared for this as Jumper said that there wouldn't be a fight. They're fighting and almost dead but then 
MinuteTech
 and Jumper show up saving them. Jumper had recruited MinuteTech. Together, they slaughter the guards. Minute threatens to kill Spoke as Spoke griefed his base in 
the end incident
  Spoke apologizes and says he's trying to bring all his friends back. Spoke shows Jumper the spies they had rescued and gives them gear. Jumper says she's got gear for the spies and they know where to go to get invisibility and gear. Spoke asks what are the spies going to do if they aren't fighting and Jumper replies with they're going to gain intel on The Law and B.A.T. Minute gives them gear and he decides to go back into the end and take his gear stashes. Mapicc decides he's also going to follow Minute to help him in the end as Minute's wanted in the end.  

Jumper says the next person she's going to free is 
ParrotX2
. Jumper says Parrot is rumored to be in the prison Spoke broke Zam out of. The group figures the prison is going to have increased security due to Spoke's jailbreak. They decide they'll meet back up at 
The Amplified
's Castle. Zam doeesn't want to go back in the prison due to his trauma for being in there for four months. They invis and sneak into the prison. The prison also turns out to be the headquarters of the Law. They sneak past the guards. They are spotted by SilentMountain. Spoke tells them to get ready to run down the stairs when his TNT explodes.  They block their path behind them with obsidian. They equip their armor and blow up a Level 3 Access door. They go through the halls and kills some guards. They even get level access cards and milk buckets from the loot.    

Spoke blows up any clogs. They also blow up the item checker. They are attacked by a lot of guards once the door opens. They go to the solitary as they couldn't find Parrot in the main jail. But they do not find Parrot in solitary either. Spoke checks the backrooms but no luck. They go back to the main prison cells as they didn't check it all the way. They hear 
SargeLaw
 talking. They free 
Th3Blurpinstein
 and 
Lomedy
, and also meet 
FlameFrags
 killing guards. Lomedy refuses to leave his cell and Spoke locks him in a smaller cell. They watch Flame use his 
Orbital Dog Cannon
 which summons an army of wolves. SargeLaw focuses Zam due to Zam wearing 
SargeRaxby's
 shield and due to SargeRaxby being SargeLaw's brother. They still couldn't find Parrot and SargeLaw chases them. Spoke mines ender chests without a silk touch pickaxe to obtain obsidian. Spoke blocks SargeLaw outside with obsidian rendering him out of the equation. They go back to the solitary cells and figure that they The Law must be hiding something if there were six guards protecting the place, so they summon a wither and boar through the obsidian towards a nametag. They free 
Jaden MAN
, king of the 
Pirates
.. Spoke thinks Jaden is a guard, but Zam tells him he is Jaden from the Great Sea. They recruit Jaden, 
Wemmbu
 and FlameFrags to join the resistance against the Law. They go to their headquarters in the Amplified to meet with Minute and Mapicc. But another glaring problem was present; 
Wemmbu
 and Flame are rivals and even more of an issue, Jaden betrayed Flame and stole Lomedy's mace, and Flame tried killing Minute in the past. Flame tries to kill Jaden, but is eventually stopped by the others.   

A spy shows up dropping a book and quill to Jumper stating that armies were converging to a specific point. They figure that Parrot was most likely at those coordinates. Immediately, Wemmbu elytras over there and leaves. Minute follows behind trying to reason with him and Flame goes there by foot. Spoke thinks on how to go faster than an elytra. Spoke, Jumper, and Mapicc decide to make an ender pearl cannon with TNT minecarts to boost the ender pearl. Spoke gets there in an instant, beating Wemmbu and Flame to the location. Spoke makes cart traps and lures the guards to the traps killing groups of them. There, he sees Parrot and 
TheobaldTheBird
 up in the sky. Wemmbu arrives, but is stubborn when asked to fight, only jumping in when Flame arrives.    

After a hard-fought battle, they loot the base and load it into chest boats strapped to a happy ghast and flies back to the Amplified castle. Parrot meets with the team and leads them to 
District 13
, where he had raised an army to confront Lettuce. Mapicc gifts Spoke a shield as a gift right before they go. They march to Northern Council where they see Lettuce, 
G0dOfWar
, 
Purpled
, SargeLaw and Leow0ok standing. Lettuce and Parrot walk up and to say their messages to each other. No peace was able to be made. Wemmbu drops three nukes on the players killing over a half of their forces. Their forces are able to kill the diamond players with ease. They confront Lettuce as they went up into their palace. Lettuce asks them how stupid do they think he is and reveals that the full netherite players were stationed in the walls and now encircling them. They are forced to fight or die, After a long fight, Lettuce and the Law is defeated and ran away. Flame attempts to kill Jaden, but Wemmbu intervenes. Lettuce comes back with no armor and surrenders.   

They take Lettuce to a vote. To either execute him or imprison him. The majority voted on imprisoning him. Parrot then reveals that he was going to allow Lettuce run in the election and if he wins, he'll let Lettuce be king. They revolt and Lettuce says it's a lost cause. He knew Parrot was supposed to win the moment the execution against Parrot and Theo failed. Jumper interrupts Spoke to tell him Leow0ok was only a couple hundred blocks away and they beeline to Leo's exact location. They fight Leo and breaks all of his armor except for his leggings. Leo tells Spoke this will never end until he is dead and stasis away only to find out it was rigged to drop him in the void. Leo dies in the void. Spoke enters a nether portal in triumph, as he always does, in an ominous BGM, not knowing that that same nether portal would be haunting him throughout 
the next
 
season
.

Trivia

This is the third longest post mafia Unstable SMP episode.

This is Spoke's 100th video.

Later on, Mapicc tells Spoke that the shield was given to him by 
mysterious players
 when he and Minute were in the end.

Navigation