There is a tumour of weakness, festering in our civilization. Made up of players who do not belong amongst our ranks, players that are weak and holding us back.
— 
arachn1d_
 to the 
Kingdom Of The Caves
  to in 
1000 Players Simulate THE PURGE in Minecraft

arachn1d_
, often called 
Arachnid
, is the secondary antagonist in 
The Kingdoms Arc
 and a minor antagonist in 
The Election Arc
. Initially a candidate for King of the 
Unstable SMP
 and a major antagonist in 
The Purge
, he became the ruler of 
his own kingdom
 and portrays himself as the rightful King of the Unstable SMP.

History

I Survived the Unstable SMP Purge

Arachnid was a major antagonist during 
The Purge
, an event hosted by 
LettuceK
 following the staged death of 
Naparizel
. Naparizel, in his will following his death, split all his votes into books worth 120 votes: the Purge enabled all candidates, for the duration of 24 hours, to do anything to get their hands on the books. Following this, Arachnid began hunting down candidates such as 
Boosfer
, 
Horace_Altman
, and 
Parrot
.

After entering a cave and fighting off Horace and Parrot, Arachnid reveals that the cave was rigged with TNT. As a result, Parrot and Horace would have to stay in the cave for the remainder of the Purge while Arachnid plays 
Clash of Clans
. After 
Fymada
 enters the cave after Parrot sends signals to her to brew Potions of the Turtle Master, Arachnid holds her hostage as well, not knowing that they were about to fight him and force him to drop his books. Parrot knows that they can tank the 3v1 as Arachnid was wearing full blast protection. Arachnid obliges.

Finally, after Horace falls into a trap built by 
Purpled
 and Arachnid, it is revealed that Purpled betrayed him and planned to take all the books for himself, resulting in Arachnid's defeat.

I Joined a 100,000 Player Minecraft Server

Despite not appearing in this video, three of Arachnid's soldiers come to 
Wemmbu
's doorstep. The following interaction ensues:

Hau1nted_
: 
Attention, Wemmbu! On behalf of the true king of the Unstable SMP, Arachnid, I summon you to join us in the caves.

Wemmbu
: 
No.

Hau1nted_
: 
This is a direct order from the king. You cannot refu-

Hau1nted_ blew up
wanderinglys blew up
bravestwarrior2 blew up

Citizens from 
Arachnid's Kingdom
 was seen on a mission to approach the house in the forest in diamond armor with invisibity before being nuked by 
Wemmbu
.

I Survived 100 Days on a Hardcore Minecraft Server

Arachnid serves as the main antagonist of 
I Survived 100 Days on a Hardcore Minecraft Server
, hunting down 
FlameFrags
 while the latter was running errands for 
The Law
 following 
LettuceK
's defeat and imprisonment. It is revealed that Arachnid resents 
Parrot
 for winning the election and aims to become King of the Unstable SMP, killing Parrot in the process, and that he believes FlameFrags to be a threat to his empire.

Searching For My Friend Who Went Missing

Arachnid captures 
Eggchan
 in order to have 
Wemmbu
 into join 
his kingdom
 under threat of killing Egg.

1000 Players Simulate UNDERGROUND Civilization in Minecraft

Arachnid is first seen in 
1000 Players Simulate UNDERGROUND Civilization in Minecraft
, scolding 
Yungyx
 for forcing 
Wemmbu
 and 
Jaden_MAN
 to fight to the death, acknowledging the two of them as the most valuable and strongest players in the civilisation. Arachnid also confirms that 
Eggchan
 is safe, but implies that he would be killed if Wemmbu did not stay in line.

Later, Arachnid summons Wemmbu to the meeting room, sending him on a new mission to assassinate 
ParamountX
 prior to their attack on 
Highwater City
 alongside 
Cindercrest
. After being questioned regarding Eggchan, he states that Egg's life is in his own hands, and that successfully completing this mission will result in him being ranked up to royalty.

Following Paramount's assassination, Arachnid publically promotes Wemmbu to his second-in-command, much to the anger of Yungyx, who protests: in return, Arachnid tells Wemmbu to ban Yungyx if he continues to object. Finally, he agrees to free Eggchan after one last mission: destroy 
Highwater City
. After that, Arachnid put on his head a netherite helmet with redstone snout trim, saw as symbol of power.

I Went to WAR on a Hardcore Minecraft SMP

It is revealed that Arachnid wishes to betray 
Cindercrest
 due to 
Saparata
's plans to reinstate himself as king, and orders 
Wemmbu
 to send a message to their strongest player, 
ShoeBilly
, and not to ban anyone or use his 
Orbital Strike Cannons
. However, after spearing an innocent civilian to death and using a Stab Shot, he is scolded by Arachnid: as a result, Eggchan's freedom is revoked and Egg is teleported back to his cell.

Arachnid orders Wemmbu to defuse the situation with Cindercrest: an army of 100 players, lead by 
FlameFrags
, arrives to confront Wemmbu. After a confrontation between Wemmbu, FlameFrags, and eventually 
Lomedy
, 
Spongs
, and 
Jaden_MAN
, 
Yungyx
 arrives to stop the fight, saying that Arachnid will be incredibly angry at Wemmbu: however, Arachnid commends Wemmbu for his effort and taking care of FlameFrags, rewarding him with a Wind Burst I book and a Thorns III book. Additionally, he reveals that the entirety of his kingdom was rigged with TNT in case Saparata took control over the Spider Cave Kingdom, with the sole exception of 
The_CodMaster14
's house.

After a brief confrontation between him, Yungyx, and Wemmbu, Arachnid sets up a stasis chamber: if he ever broke Wemmbu's trust ever again, he would allow Wemmbu to activate his stasis chamber and ban him.

Finally, as part of his last mission that Arachnid sets Wemmbu, he is ordered to go to the 
Northern Council
 and later 
Capitol City
. After witnessing 
Parrot
 free 
LettuceK
 from prison in exchange for 
ReinaDrop
's life, he goes to Capitol City and starts spamming Nuke Shots and Stab Shots, destroying the majority of Capitol City and taunting Parrot, 
TheobaldTheBird
, 
Fymada
, 
Saparata
, FlameFrags, and ShoeBilly. Believing Eggchan is now free, Wemmbu follows Arachnid into a cave in order to disable all of Eggchan's stasis chambers: however, Arachnid betrays Wemmbu, dropping him into a pit full of players, arming him with nothing but a singular Golden Apple and Totem of Undying.

Trivia

Arachnid is played by 
Twirps
.

Arachnid plays Clash of Clans.

He is the only player to play a major role in both The Law Purge and his own Purge

Navigation