Ashen
 is a dog who belongs to 
FlameFrags
. 

History

Ashen was the only surviving dog when the toxic clan blew up Flame's base. Flame takes Ashen to battle and Ashen is able to kill one of the toxic players. The player Ashen killed trooped a lodestone compass and they follow it to the toxic players' base. Flame tries to fight 
Razor
 but Flame is forced to downgrade to iron armour and weapons but even then, Razor jumps Flame with his army. They win the fight but Razor escapes. Flame sets up a temporary camp inside a cave and Flame gives the dog the name 'Ashen' and some wolf armour. They go to another town and kills all the members there and one of them drops another lodestone compass. Flame confronts Razor for the final time and Flame is forced to switch to Diamond armour and Razor leads Flame into the colosseum. TNT ignites beneath the colosseum but Flame survives and eventually kills Razor. 

Ashen is seen being kidnapped and taken hostage by the Toxic clan. Flame attacks their base taking down the clan one-by-one. Flame then meets the toxic clan's leader: 
T0X1N
 and his commanders and there, Ashen is seen inside a cage. Flame kills the commanders but as he's about to Toxin, Toxin threatens to kill his wolf. Flame is forced to drop all of his gear and forced to jump off a cliff only to survive with a wind-charge clutch. Flame eventually kills Toxin and frees Ashen.

Flame is surrounded by a group of players threatening to kill him but with the help of Ashen he manages to kill them all. They arrive at a base owned by a player named 
Lomedy
. The toxic clan finds Flame at the base but Flame is again to kill them all. One of them drops a lodestone compass. Flame follows the lodestone compass to the toxic Minecraft civilization owned by 
VEN0M
 a former diamond tier 
Mafia
 member. Flame fights outside the civilization and manages to kill Venoms army but Venom escapes. Flame returns to the base of find Lomedy being pressed. Flame kills the players and teaches Lomedy PVP. Flame forces Lomedy to come with him. Together they kill the guards outside of a loot stash and they claim it for themselves. Flame returns to the base and while waiting for Lomedy to return he gets jumped by Venom and his army. Flame barely survives when Lomedy drops him a mace and wind charges. Flame uses the mace and windcharges to kill Venoms army but Venom escapes. Flame confronts Venom in his castle and eventually kills him and his army. 

Ashen is seen being put into Flames 
Orbital Dog Cannon
.

Ashen is seen in a kennel under 
FlameFrags Base
. He was released by Flame to attack Spongs who ran away.

Trivia

Ashen is the original wolf that fueled Flame's 
Orbital Dog Cannon
.