The 
BAT Arc
 is the 16th arc in 
Unstable Universe
.

Contents

1
 
Plot

1.1
 
Background

1.2
 
Kings Arc

2
 
Episodes

3
 
Trivia

Plot

Background

SpokeIsHere
 gathers an army of 1,000 players and creates the 
Spoke Galactic Empire
. He forcibly recruits builder 
Horace Altman
 to improve the empire, as well as deals with assassination attempts. His friend 
Mapicc
 joins him, and together they attack 
Sleepy Nation
, which betrayed them a while ago. After that they go to terrorize the End, only to find it's the home of their old friend 
MinuteTech
. After that awkward situation, Spoke deals with more assassination attempts, and finally his army starts to turn against him, forcing him to run away.

*This episode is not a part of any arc, but is included here for comprehension purposes*
 Spoke and Mapicc are attacked at their base by the army, but manage to escape through the Nether. There, they meet 
The Executive
, the new leader of the army. They try to fight the army, but eventually are forced to flee. They find a portal going to 
Leow0ok's
 base, another old friend of theirs. The three of them fight off the army together, killing them all, and Leo offers to let the two join 
BAT
, his team.

Spoke has to race a couple of other people in completing tasks to become a member of BAT. After failing a few and coming into conflict with ApexPoint multiple times, he learns that BAT hates 
FlameFrags
 and decides to use that. He pays Flame using stolen items to complete multiple different tasks, and sends a random player to go find 
Wemmbu
, another of BAT's enemies, to lure both to the same location. He secretly watches the battle, which Wemmbu wins, and then reports back to Leo saying he killed them. Leo's skeptical, but since he's heard reports of Wemmbu's death, he believes it and welcomes Spoke to the team.

*This episode is not a part of any arc, but is included here for comprehension purposes*
 Mapicc discovers an invisibility exploit, which he and Spoke utilize to troll a new player. ApexPoint returns, however, recruiting the new player. Spoke and Mapicc find 
TheRealSquiddo's
 base, and troll her, then eventually burn it down. Apex's team finds 
Jepexx's
 base and attacks, but Spoke is able to save both Jepexx and his horse. He and Mapicc sneak into Apex's base, but get spotted and run. They are followed back to their base, and Apex's team discovers the exploit. They use it against Spoke, who blows up their base and kills them to protect the exploit from getting out.

Spoke accidentally burns down a base while on a mission from Leo. To cover it up, he sets up traps at the witnesses' base, killing all of them, but Leo's spies arrive and start investigating. Leo himself questions Spoke, but Spoke deflects. He goes to his base with Mapicc and is watched by two spies, but escapes. He finds the other secret base of the remaining witnesses, successfully trapping it and killing everyone. However, two spies show up and attack him. He manages to kill both of them and returns to his base, finding Leo there. It's revealed that the spies Leo didn't actually send the spies, and he theorizes that 
JumperWho
 sent them instead. Spoke sneaks off to another base, where 
Quackenstein123
 lives, and gives all the items he's gotten to him, revealing his ultimate mission has been to atone for 
IMajesticRose's
 death.

More spies follow Spoke, but he kills them, obtaining a book that reveals BAT is investigating him. Jumper shows up, but he manages to outplay her and escape. Leo and Jumper are waiting for him at his base, revealing they're working together again, They let Spoke go due to a lack of evidence of his wrongdoings, but leave spies to watch. Spoke and Mapicc flee their base and kill one of their pursuers, obtaining coords to BAT's secret vault. Spoke sets up a plan and they kill another spy, whom Spoke impersonates to get inside, learning that Leo wants to kill him while Jumper wants to wait for evidence. Spoke flees the base and a player he recruited pretends to be him, resulting in his death. Spoke plans to use that player to prove his innocence, and visits Quackenstein again. Leo shows up as well, though, and threatens Quackenstein if Spoke doesn't give up, before flying away.

Kings Arc

Spoke watches as Leow0ok and his spies destroy Quackenstein’s family base, searching for the armor pieces, prompting them to escape through a tunnel with Quackenstein and his family, sending them to safety via a Nether portal, where the family heads to their old snow base before breaking it. Leo and his spies catch up, forcing Spoke to reveal his inventory, but Jumper defends him due to a lack of evidence. Following a speech by 
LettuceK
, leader of 
The LAW
, Spoke plans to have Wemmbu kill Leo and later eavesdrops on Leo’s conversation to track him. After infiltrating The Law's base, Spoke offers to help Wemmbu escape in exchange for a favor, but Wemmbu refuses. Eventually, Spoke breaks the prisoners out, but when they confront Leo, it becomes clear that Leo's true motive was to catch Spoke in a mistake, proving his guilt as they prepare for an inevitable clash.

Mapicc goes on a mission to a BAT gear stash, but when he doesn't come back, Spoke follows the tracks and finds the place where he supposedly died. He refuses to believe it at first, until Leo shows up at his base holding Mapicc's shield. Spoke rigs 
Capitol City
 to blow up unless he gets proof of Mapicc's life, but no one comes except for Parrot, and he wasn't even sent by the Law. However, he does convince Spoke to stand down. After some time, Spoke brings Zam to the BAT gear stash, where he found signs from spies that didn't join the fight, indicating another player was there and saved Mapicc. They follow the tracks, which eventually take them to the 
Far Lands
, where Mapicc is with 
JamatoP
, Spoke's oldest friend. Mapicc wants to live peacefully. Spoke and Jamato speak privately, both condemning each other for supposed villainy, and Jamato stasises away. Spoke disguises himself as Leo and attacks Mapicc and Zam, pretending to get scared off, then comes back as himself, revealing Jamato 'died'. The three of them resolve to kill Leo.

Spoke, Mapicc, and Zam find a village, which Spoke blows up using an exploit to get items from reluctant townsfolk. They visit BAT's secret library, where they find wreckage from a battle and realize someone is following them. They set up secret stasises and build a sky base, when beacons light up suddenly. Spoke follows them and finds Leo and a bunch of Lawmen. He warns the others, and they prepare to fight them off before escaping when the base is overwhelmed. They attack Leo and make him stasis away, then use an arrow trick to find his current location. On the way there, Spoke's stasis gets pulled.

It's revealed that 
JumperWho
 teleported Spoke and betrayed BAT, because Leo kept using her spies as soldiers. Spoke refuses her offer of teaming up, and instead sends a message to the Law, giving them his coordinates. He sets up traps with help from Mapicc and Zam, and then Jumper makes her offer again. He refuses it, and the three head to where Leo has set up camp. They kill his soldiers, but Leo takes Zam hostage. Jumper saves him, and Spoke has another argument with her. She shows him Leo's secret base, where he's been building TNT cannons. They successfully escape and take down more Lawmen, and Spoke finally agrees to team with Jumper.

Spoke, Mapicc, and Zam sneak into a Law prison and free the BAT spies imprisoned there, but are attacked by Lawmen. 
MinuteTech
 saves them, brought by Jumper, and Jumper sends her spies off. They report that 
ParrotX2
 is in the Law prison, and so the three sneak in (Mapicc and Minute are off getting Minute's other gear stashes). 
Wemmbu
 and 
FlameFrags
 break into the prison at the same time, and Spoke aids Flame in fighting. The three find someone surrounded by obsidian and guards, but it turns out to be 
Jaden MAN
 rather than Parrot. Spoke brings everyone, Flame and Wemmbu included, to his castle, where Mapicc and Minute meet them. They learn via spies that hundreds of Lawman are converging on a Law stash, and head there. Spoke sets up landmines and realizes Parrot and 
TheobaldTheBird
 are there. It turns into a massive battle, after which Parrot brings them all to 
District 13
. They go to the 
Northern Council
 and destroy Lettuce's army. Mapicc vanishes. After Lettuce surrenders, Jumper's spies report Leo's location, so the two go there. They trap him, but he activates his stasis. Spoke, however, found Leo's stasis chamber earlier and set it up over the void. Leo dies.

Episodes

No.

Title

Link

1

 
 
 
 
 

I Survived as a Hardcore Assassin

https://youtu.be/F06GCUbg1EA

2

 
 
 
 
 

Trapping Secret Bases on a Hardcore SMP...

https://youtu.be/wgjRZCbGDjM

3

 
 
 
 
 

I Got Hunted by Minecraft's Deadliest Stalkers

https://youtu.be/tIWVas6rjZI

4

 
 
 
 
 
 

I Almost Got BANNED from the Unstable SMP...

https://youtu.be/rmaDqwFVD0I

5

 
 
 
 
 
 

My Best Friend Died on the Unstable SMP

https://youtu.be/3WzeGqQIqWA

6

 
 
 
 
 
 

Breaking Hardcore Minecraft to Get Revenge

https://youtu.be/65jnkBVYfqA

7

 
 
 
 
 
 

Minecraft Trapper VS 1000 Players

https://youtu.be/spXJwMbHZSw

8

 
 
 
 
 
 

4 Minecraft Pros VS 2500 Players

https://youtu.be/xDypUdR_8d0

Trivia

This is the third arc to end in the antagonist dying.

The first was 
The Toxic War Arc
 with 
VEN0M
, and the second was 
The Director Arc
 with 
Wifies
.