The 
Betrayal Arc
 is the 9th arc of 
Unstable Universe
. It is concurrent with the second half of 
the Power Arc
.

Story

Background

FlameFrags
 joins a PVP tournament out of boredom, defeating 
Willsion
 easily. He learns his enemy 
Wemmbu
 is also there, then fights 
FerreMC
, and though it's closer, he still wins. Next is 
TheobaldTheBird
, who fights with TNT minecarts, so Flame enchants his leggings with blast protection. It's still a tough fight, but he wins, and his final match is against Wemmbu. They both pop two totems, but Flame wins.

Plot

Flame's friend 
Jaden MAN
 is missing, so Flame goes around interrogating people. 
LettuceK
 acts suspicious, and after spying on his team, 
The Law
, Flame learns they imprisoned Jaden. He loses a fight against them, but learns that 
Leow0ok
 managed to beat them, and goes to him for training in exchange for 16 experience bottles. Leo teaches Flame TNT minecart PVP, which Flame uses to defeat the Law, but Lettuce would rather die than give up the info. Leo stages his capture so Flame can find their prison, and he does so successfully, forcing the Law to run to avoid dying, since Jaden has already been found by Flame.

Jaden gathers a team, 
The Avengers
, to kill Wemmbu, who imprisoned him. They find Wemmbu in the 
Far Lands
, but fail to kill him. Jaden and Flame split off from the others and find 
Conexion
, who joins their team and gives (with some trickery involved) Flame his mace, which once belonged to Jaden. The other half of the Avengers fail to kill Wemmbu, but they have a meeting point for a final battle. Flame comes up with a plan, but his team refuses to follow it, so he betrays them, fighting alongside Wemmbu. The Avengers are scared off, and Flame returns the mace to Wemmbu, its original owner. Suddenly, the stasis Flame set to get out of the Farlands is pulled.

It turns out to be the Law, but Flame escapes and meets up with Jaden. They are attacked again by the Law, then go to a nearby town whose inhabitants they rob, and then are attacked again. This time they chase the Law when they retreat, killing a couple, then continue on to their base. Flame gets trapped in an obsidian box, but survives multiple traps, including players and wardens. The Law comes down to kill him, revealing Jaden betrayed him, but he escapes.

Flame meets up with his friend 
Lomedy
, but Lomedy gets attacked by Jaden and has his mace stolen. Jaden uses a Riptide trident to mace Flame, who eventually seeks shelter. Jaden gives him a compass leading to his new pirate base and leaves. Flame gears back up and goes off to fight him, but after a long battle, Jaden concedes that Flame has won and then flies off with his trident.