P-P-P-P-PEASANT!
— 
Boosfer
 to 
Parrot
 in 
I Survived the Unstable SMP Purge

Boosfer
 is a major antagonist featured in 
Unstable Universe
. He is the leader of the 
Treasure Hunters
, and is supported by 
Kier
 and 
Dev
. He is also one of the election candidates.

Contents

1
 
Personality

2
 
History

3
 
Boundaries

4
 
Trivia

5
 
Gallery

5.1
 
Thumbnails

6
 
Navigation

Personality

Boosfer is mildly egotistical, but also slightly immature, often making a fool of himself in serious situations. He has no issue throwing around money, as he can easily regain it.  

He attempts to seize power of The End Civilization through a rigged election, but ironically, he loses regardless of his efforts. He mistreats Kier and Dev and constantly bullies them, despite their loyalty. Boosfer is an intentionally unserious character, and although he is a relatively small character, he is very memorable.

History

Boosfer sends Kier and Dev to steal certain items from 
ParrotX2
 and 
Wemmbu
 despite them telling Boosfer to stop.

Boosfer then hires Wemmbu to destroy "the valley", which is actually 
rekrap2
's base, which Parrot and Wifies are defending. Wemmbu agrees to team with Parrot and Wifies to steal from Boosfer. They destroy Boosfer's base and steal thousands of netherite and diamond blocks.

Boosfer runs for president against Parrot in 
The End Civilization
. Boosfer is unable to win the election as even Kier and Dev vote against him. Boosfer tries to leave and accidentally chunk bans himself.

Boosfer recruits a team of bandits to scam people across the server. The scam consists of a rail with three chest minecarts, one of which contains rare items (one enchanted golden apple, one netherite ingot and one nether star), players would then have to guess which minecart had the items in it. The scam part was that, underneath one of the rails the chest minecarts were on, a minecart with a hopper was secretly placed, which would then collect the items from the chest minecart as it passed over it. As the player guessed which minecart they thought the items were in, one of Boosfer's goons would secretly place the items in a different minecart from the player's chosen cart. ParrotX2 and TheobaldTheBird later attempt the game, but soon realize it's a scam, and subsequently ruin their scamming operation by stealing their items. Boosfer is upset by this, and chases after Parrot and Theo, repeatedly catching up to them and fighting them even though they get away each time. 

Later, Boosfer tries to get clues for 
Verdaria
. He repeatedly interrupts 
ParrotX2
 and 
TheobaldTheBird
's scavenger hunt, demanding they hand over each clue they obtain as well as demanding they solve it for him in order to find the city. When the location of the third clue is found, the group realizes that ClownPierce had already found the location, and by association, Verdaria. Boosfer gives up thinking that it lead to nothing, and leaves.

Boosfer and a small group of his bandits approach Capital City and kill a random player outside the walls where Wemmbu is guarding. Wemmbu, while invisible, attacks Boosfer and his team, thus breaking the treaty between 
Capital City
 and Boosfer's bandits. As a response, Boosfer wages war on Capital City, leading a large army of bandits to the city. However, he loses, and a majority of his army is killed, prompting Boosfer and what remains of his bandits to retreat. Wemmbu finds Boosfer and a few of his bandits at 
Branzy
's base, and drinks milk in front of them to get rid of his invisibility, revealing his identity to them before killing almost all of them. However, Boosfer and one of his teammates, 
Boomie
, manage to escape. 

Boosfer then manipulates 
FlameFrags
, promising to reveal Wemmbu's whereabouts for a price. Boosfer tasks Flame with a few missions, like getting armor and building an escape tunnel, which is secretly a trap, claiming that he will reveal what he knows about Wemmbu in exchange. Flame eventually finds out that he is being manipulated, and indirectly teams with Wemmbu to try to kill Boosfer, but Boosfer manages to escape (with Wemmbu) into the escape tunnel he had Flame build.

Boosfer then manages to knock Wemmbu into a void trap he set in the nether, but instead was punched into his own trap by Wemmbu, however he was able to pull Wemmbu in as well by pulling him down with a fishing rod. Just when they are about to die, they fall in a weird dimension under the nether void (
The Underworld
). They get separated, before reuniting when Wemmbu saves him from getting captured by the inhabitants of the weird dimension. However, they are later captured again, and imprisoned. After some convincing, Wemmbu manages to get Boosfer’s mace and they manage to escape the weird dimension. Wemmbu then swears that he won't hunt Boosfer in exchange for him not leaking Wemmbu’s identity.

Boosfer is later seen on the scoreboard for the Kings Election with 383 votes. He later explains he got his votes by getting people to try write his name with their eyes closed in a book and signing it.

Boosfer does not say anything in his debate against 
JumperWho
. 

Boosfer passes the second round of eliminations with 624 votes. 

Boosfer passes the third round of eliminations with 984 votes, even after losing a large amount of votes in the form of books, with most of them being stolen by 
Arachn1d_
. 

Boosfer does not say anything in the debate of the semi-final. 

LettuceK persuades Boosfer and 
Purpled
 into endorsing him. Unlike Purpled, however, Boosfer is not seen at the Battle of The Northern Council. 

Boundaries

Shipping is okay

No drawing him making out with someone

No NSFW

Trivia

Boosfer accidentally chunk bans himself while storming away from the election in The End Civilization.

Boosfer is one of the only players on Unstable SMP to still possess a mace (likely still unenchanted).

Gallery

Thumbnails

Navigation