Rumored to house millions of illegal items, breaking into this vault will instantly make any player the richest on our server. Which is why I knew I had to raid the vault myself.
— Wemmbu

Breaking Into Minecraft's Most Illegal Vault
 is the third episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
 and the first episode released by 
Wemmbu
. 

Plot

The episode starts with 
Wemmbu
 stuck in a room filled with minecarts, which prevents him from doing anything. The vault he is in belongs to a player named 
SpokeIsHere
 and protects hundreds of thousands of exploited items. 

Everything starts when 
Wemmbu
 notices a new player on the server, 
Spoke
, heading to another player's base and, out of boredom, decides to follow him invisibly. By chance, he catches an interesting conversation between him and 
JamatoP
 about illegal exploits. Unsure what exactly is going on, but knowing the bad history that Spoke previously had with exploits, he decides to continue following out of suspicion. 

Wemmbu cautiously follows them, and, after overhearing an illegal armor exploit and finding out that these two are the only people who know about it, he realizes how risky this is. He escapes to a nearby cave and decides he is going to discover every single exploit Spoke and Jamato know. He trails Spoke for the next few days until he is able to confront him in the end about the illegal armor he is wearing.

 
 
 
 
Spoke and JamatoP plotting inside Jamato's base
 
 

Spoke brushes the inquiry off while emphasizing the normality of the armor and hoe much he grinded to obtain it.  Wemmbu knows Spoke is clearly lying as he saw him obtain the armor a few days ago while he was trailing him. He leaves the end knowing Spoke is clearly hiding something. He gets even more suspicious when Spoke announces a server-wide recruitment to protect builds called 
The Wonders.
 Knowing Spoke usually doesn't care about those sort of things, he suspects they may have something to do with the exploits. He applies for a guardian position, knowing the risks he is be facing.

 
 
 
 
Wemmbu flexing his orbital cannon
 
 
Spoke asks Wemmbu to show him one talent in order to get the job. Wemmbu brings him to an open field and then shows him his secret weapon, an 
orbital strike cannon
 that he built himself, which greatly surprises Spoke. After he blows up the entire field, Spoke sees Wemmbu's power and gives him the job. Spoke warns Wemmbu that if he catches him inside any of The Wonders, he will be kicked out of the guardian team and 
further actions will be taken.

Not wanting to get on the bad side of an exploiter, Wemmbu guards his monument faithfully. Every time he tries to enter The Wonders, Spoke somehow knows about it and stops him, then goes to the end. Wemmbu decides to go to the end to figure out what is significant about it. He catches Spoke in the midst of building something, then realizes Spoke hollowed out the end pillars and is working inside of them. When confronted about it, Spoke is clearly stressed out and justifies it, saying it is an end project, and orders Wemmbu not to come in. He tries to shift the conversation onto Wemmbu, asking him why he isn't guarding his Wonders.

Wemmbu doubles down and Spoke refuses to tell him what he is up to, saying that there is nothing to know about and asks him to protect The Wonders. Wemmbu respawns the ender dragon, resetting the end pillars and deleting all of Spoke's shulkers. Spoke gets mad and comes up while not wearing the exploited armor, then gets further interrogated by Wemmbu. He restates that he was simply checking his shulkers, which Wemmbu doesn't buy one bit. Spoke then shifts the blame on Wemmbu, asking him why he is here and why he built an orbital strike cannon. He admits he was in the end because he received a little 
package
 from Jamato to work on his project.

 
 
 
 
 
Wemmbu chasing Spoke to the outer end islands
 
 

Wemmbu laughs it off, exposing the stupidity of the excuse (why would he hide for his project), and asks him what Jamato has to do with all of this. Spoke says Jamato asked him to kill Wemmbu and attacks Wemmbu, doing little to no damage. Wemmbu realizes how useless he is and decides to talk to Jamato. He mocks Spoke's weak attacks, and after a while, decides to pop Spoke's totem. Wemmbu easily intimidates Spoke while mocking him and hitting him with his fists. Spoke continues to boast about his supposed crazy power. He escapes to the outer end islands, so Wemmbu continues to chase after him until he loses him.

Wemmbu decides to head to Jamato's base to talk to him, but realizes both Jamato and Spoke have completely vanished from both of their bases. He decides to check inside of The Wonders and spots Spoke doing something inside of one of them. Spoke seems relieved that some 
items
 are still here, so Wemmbu decides to confront him. Spoke is mad, seeing Wemmbu inside of The Wonders, as he ignored his warnings. He yet again tries to justify that this is a storage room, despite the extremely suspicious setup and illegal armor. Spoke asks Wemmbu to leave, but Wemmbu laughs it off. Spoke says he is going to be gone for a while and that he is packing up for a trip, which is an obvious lie, so Wemmbu starts attacking him.

 
 
 
 
 
Spoke and Wemmbu inside The Wonders
 
 

Spoke secures the armor and a brawl ensues, which Wemmbu is obviously winning. After a while, Spoke decides to put on his illegal armor, but he still continues to lose. He starts pearling everywhere to escape. Wemmbu pops Spoke's totems twice and two pieces of Spoke's armor break, but Spoke barely manages to get away inside of a wall in a split second. On his trail, Wemmbu manages to hear him through the walls as Spoke decides to try to break every machine inside of The Wonders so nobody can get their hands on them, especially Wemmbu. He finally loses Spoke and realizes he took every single exploited item inside of the chests during the fight. Disappointed, he continues his search with 
ParrotX2
, a new player, until they start noticing that the monuments are getting destroyed to cover up what is under them.

Luckily for Wemmbu, the destruction of the wonders angers Parrot, who decides to protect them, not knowing their true purposes. After a bit of manipulation, Parrot gives Wemmbu Spoke's coords, millions of blocks out. Wemmbu finds an enormous vault, presumably protecting the exploited items. He decides to start breaking in around the bottom of the vault until he hits the first obstacle: soul sand and lava. He easily gets across until he hears a guard's voice. Wemmbu tries to advance sneakily, limiting all noise, but is spotted by the guard 
Tyrad
. A fight quickly ensues and Wemmbu manages to escape by chorus fruiting out of the prison.

 
 
 
 
 
Full view of The Vault created by Spoke
 
 

Wemmbu reenters the prison and reengages with Tyrad, seemingly stuck in his own prison. The fight seems much more even. Wemmbu carts Tyrad and gets a few good hits, but Tyrad keeps pushing. Wemmbu continues the fight out of the prison and manages to get away using invisibilty potions. He tries to break in for the third time, but this time, much more sneakily, making sure nobody notices him. While Tyrad is looking for him, he manages to slip past the first defense and enter the next one, where he is attacked by underwater wardens. He barely manages to get past it while being shot by wardens. He notices through the walls two other guards, 
RealReeon
 and 
Sharkilz_
, messing around.

The two of them are clearly not taking this seriously while Wemmbu continues to advance through the base's defense. Tyrad informs the other guards about Wemmbu's break in, so they all start looking for him. Wemmbu gets mining fatigue while he is mining, but that doesn't stop him as he continues to get through the defenses while drinking milk until he actually makes it inside of the vault's rooms.

Wemmbu explores the vault's corridors, blocking off certain paths so he doesn't encounter guards. He narrowly avoids them, as they are not taking this seriously, hitting each other and joking around. He gets spotted as he is potting up and a 3 v 1 ensues. After splashing himself with swiftness, Wemmbu escapes by blocking the paths, aided by the elder guardian's mining fatigue. He frenetically looks around until he finds his way down the prison into a lower floor as the hunters are catching up to him. 

Wemmbu starts killing the elder guardians and manages to get to an even lower floor using an elevator where he is yet again spotted while carelessly moving around. Sharkilz and Reeon immediately start attacking him, Wemmbu does good damage and manages to fend them off for a bit, giving him time to escape deeper into the vault. In a brilliant manner, Wemmbu manages to trap both Sharkilz and Reeon in the lower floor using obsidian, allowing him time to prepare and explore. He reaches the guard's storage room and steals useful equipment.

 
 
 
 
 
Moments before Tyrad's death
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Moments before getting trapped
 
 

The guards find him and attack him again, and he uses end crystal to blow the hunters up, where he manages to kill 
Tyrad
 and run away by blocking everything off. The hunters hesitate a little, but decide to continue chasing after him, despite the death of their comrade. Wemmbu almost manages to kill Sharkilz using end crystals, but he is saved by the arrival of a large quantity of vexes, which all start attacking Wemmbu. He kills all of them and starts walking around. He realizes that the two guards are not following him anymore. Wemmbu wanders around the base until he finds a hidden passage under soul sand, leading him to another floor.

Wemmbu finds the two guards waiting in a corridor on that floor, and after spying on them for a little,  he decides to attack them yet again. Everything is going well until he is ambushed by a third guard, 
Only_A_Squid
, which turns the tide of the battle. Wemmbu is forced to run away. He manages to escape for a little while using chorus fruit until he is found again. He manages to swim up a water column and block everything behind him. The hunters, out of milk, aren't able to keep up, so Wemmbu narrowly escapes death. He gets some rest while the hunters fetch milk.

Wemmbu finds an elevator activated by a random button, and he manages to go back to where he originally came from, where he finds an odd bubble column, bringing him to a totally new huge and decorated room. A trapped chest sits on a single TNT. While laughing, Wemmbu breaks the TNT, only to find himself falling as the ground below him breaks into a totally new room. 

Spoke menacingly tells Wemmbu that he sees him as he tries to escape by climbing the sides of the huge pit with water. Spoke says that this is a lot worse than a vault as TNT starts falling from the sky. He announces to Wemmbu that he isn't going to be able to leave the prison as payback for what he did earlier. As Wemmbu is getting shot from all sides by wardens, he tries to mine into the walls of the prison, but is stopped by Spoke, who pushes him into the pit as lava is falling from the sky. Wemmbu tries to chorus fruit out, but the wardens pop his totem. Spoke announces that he is actually gonna kill him, unlike what Wemmbu did in the end.

 
 
 
 
 
Wemmbu completely trapped in minecarts
 
 

He finally manages to chorus fruit out, but he is yet again trapped in a room filled with chest minecarts, preventing him from doing anything. Surprised, Wemmbu comes to the realization that he is completely cornered. Spoke mocks Wemmbu, laughing about his inability to find the vault and the way he is currently trapped. He is attacked by a warden stuck with him, so he decides to do everything in his power to escape. Spoke boasts about getting the best prison designers to create this trap while he tries to chorus fruit everywhere.

Wemmbu tries to find a weakness inside the trap where he can break the walls, but to no avail. He manages to break a few minecarts, giving him just enough room to mine out of the walls using a milk bucket, where he escapes the first layer of the prison. Spoke continues to ramble about his perfect revenge until he notices that Wemmbu actually escaped.
 
 
 
 
 
Spoke mocking Wemmbu's escape
 
 

Spoke is clearly flustered as Wemmbu tries to break in inside the actual rooms of the prison. He is burning to the lava while Spoke mocks him trough the glass separating him from the inside of the prison. Wemmbu finds a hole in the lava defense, bringing him back inside the vault, where he restocks and prepares to fight Spoke.

 
 
 
 
 
The Vault's exit
 
 

Wemmbu doesn't hesitate and jumps Spoke, who escapes the exact same way as him before: blocking up the tunnels. Wemmbu runs after him and finds a suspicious trap door leading to a room filled with lava. He gets splashed by a ton of bad effects, meaning he fell into a trap. Wemmbu finds a flaw in the trap and kills the witches throwing potions at him. 

After escaping the trap using chorus fruit, Wemmbu wanders around the base, where he finds tons of false traps until he discovers a bubble column hiding a trapdoor leading to a crawling tunnel leading to a door leading to an underwater exit. Wemmbu laughs as he gets out, seeing Spoke crouching at the other end of the exit. He attacks him without hesitation. Spoke pretends to be indiferrent to Wemmbu leaving the prison, even though he is clearly shocked.

Spoke escapes using an ender pearl stasis chamber.

Thumbnail

This thumbnail depicts Wemmbu (bottom right; holding out his 
signature shield)
, looking at a spiraly structure (Wormhole prison). It is worth noting he is equipped with full netherite, meaning that he is fully prepared to fight into the structure.