i broke the laws of minecraft with cool glitches to absolutely annihilate bro
— 
SpokeIsHere

Breaking Hardcore Minecraft to Get Revenge
 is the 105th episode feature in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

On the Unstable SMP, 
Spoke
 has learned to break the laws and physics of Minecraft, he's had close encounters with death multiple times, and with these game-breaking exploits, he'd become unstoppable. The only person stopping him is his greatest enemy, 
Leow0ok
. Spoke swore to put an end to Leo's time on the Unstable, and so his mission starts when Spoke, 
Mapicc
, and 
PrinceZam
 find a village full of people. Spoke sends Zam to be the trader while Spoke and Mapicc dig underneath all of the houses and connecting them all to a machine, Spoke builds a redstone machine that's rigged to TNT minecarts and comes up onto the surface and makes a platform for all of them to stand on, Spoke says they're going to pay a price for not giving them their resources and uses a glitch to break the piece of obsidian underneath, which set off the redstone and destroyed the entire village, Spoke then kills all of the people that lived in the village. After they stashed their resources, they then head towards Leo's location.

They traveled back to the amplified lands, which looked a bit more different than the last time they were there. The jungle biome had turned into a snowy one, with all the bases there being abandoned. Spoke looks back and reminisces about the times where him and Leo were friends. They go to the snowy biome where 
JumperWho
's vault is located, they go down the cave where the entrance is and spots blocks that were recently dropped there. In the vault itself, there was nothing and they had just missed their chance to find and kill Leo. As they were looking around, they hear somebody brewing nearby and begin destroying the vault to find where the noise is coming from. Spoke sees water going up the entrance that wasn't there before, they come outside and try to find whoever was stalking them. To Spoke, nothing about this made sense, this person was smarter than the average spy and realizes that this person was different. They head back to the castle Spoke and Mapicc built, they planned on building traps around the castle, but ended up ditching the plan when Mapicc accidentally blew up his trap in the middle of building it. Spoke came up with another trap that was invisible, using a glitch that makes water float and by water logging it, it only activates when you place a block on it or using string. Zam and Mapicc show Spoke their traps they attempted to make, and Spoke thinks the stalker would think they were stupid, and so Spoke had to make a backup plan. They go to the nether and jump down Spoke's secret tunnel and make another portal nearby to go into a cave to make a secret ender pearl stasis. The three set their stasis in case the stalker ever found them, and they can teleport out using a fishing rod whenever. They portal back to the front of the castle and see that somebody came by and set off and destroyed their traps and placed redstone torches all over to light up the place. Spoke sees something up on a tower, Zam says that it's an arrow. Spoke has not been able to get a glimpse of this person, Zam and Mapicc said they should leave, but Spoke has a feeling this was connected to Leo. They traveled a hundred blocks out and built a skybase at height limit so the stalker wouldn't be able to reach them. Spoke shows Zam and Mapicc the exploit he used in the village, how he can break blocks from afar and set off redstone wherever he wants. 

The next few hours, they camp out on their skybase, but everything was quiet. Spoke spots a beacon across from them and sees beacons of light coming closer to them and disappeared. Spoke makes another stasis in the base and goes down to investigate where the beacons came from, he sees in the distance an abandoned base with the first players he'd seen on his journey, and goes closer up to see why they were there. Spoke sees Leo working with soldiers from The Law. The beacons helped Spoke know Leo was out there and was about to find them, and with Spoke knowing about it, he has the upper hand on Leo. They start heading towards the skybase, Spoke knows Mapicc and Zam don't stand a chance against the lawmen, so he intervenes and kills one of the soldiers. Spoke goes full invis, only putting on his armor to jump a soldier when they're straggling and left alone. Leo groups the lawmen up so none of them die, and Spoke jumps in and TNT minecarts them, but it doesn't kill them. Spoke goes down into a cave in attempt to blow them up with TNT, but that also doesn't work. Spoke appears to be trapped in cobwebs with no way out, he blocks himself in and gets stasised into the base when Zam accidentally blows up part of the base practicing carts. Spoke tells them that Leo is coming and explains what had happened, and so they prepared more defenses and waited for the battle to start. 

Leo and the group of lawmen start to bridge up to their base, they make another stasis so they can go full on rampage and pull it to get back safely. Zam then notices that they called for more backup and a lot more lawmen were coming from below and bridging upwards as well. Spoke pearls onto Leo's bridge and blows up and stasises back up, the lawmen from below get closer to them as well, and Zam carts them from above and destroys their platform. Leo and the lawmen's forces were slowed down, but they still end up getting into the base. Spoke realizes this was an outnumbered duel and all of them would all eventually die. With only one more option to win, Spoke sets up the exploit one last time and tells Zam to bow the lawmen off while he sets up the minecarts. Spoke, Mapicc, and Zam all run away from the base using a sand bridge and Spoke sets off the TNT, breaking the bridge as they run. They all run away and laugh, they then pot invis and go back to Leo to finally kill him once and for all, Leo tried to fight back, but pulled his stasis once his totem popped. They then use an exploit to calculate the coordinates of Leo's stasis using his arrows on the ground, and they head towards the direction of the stasis. The episode ends with Spoke's own stasis being pulled, the very one that was supposed to be a secret.