This article is about the now abandoned city led by 
Reddoons
 in 
Season 1
.  For the city near 
Spawn
 after 
Season 2
, see 
Capitol City
.

Welcome to the mines.
— 
Reddoons
 to 
Parrot
, 
I Survived Minecraft's Most Corrupt City

Capital City
, led by 
Reddoons
 (and quoted by 
Ash
 to be 'basically his'), is a civilization in 
Unstable Universe
. The city is split into two parts: The Mines, and The City. The City is empty and it is dubious if The City was always a ruse for The Mines or citizens of Capital City were placed into The Mines prematurely to produce more diamonds.

Contents

1
 
Allyship

2
 
The Mines

3
 
History

4
 
Trivia

5
 
Navigation

Allyship

Most of Capital City's plot relevance is with it's allyship with 
The Invisible Mafia
. In 
I Infiltrated The Minecraft Mafia
, it is expanded upon that the allyship between Capital City and The Invisible Mafia is a one-way transactional relationship where Red will supply the Mafia with goods and the Mafia will remain neutral with Red.

In 
I Discovered a Minecraft Sky Civilization
, guards are shown to be stationed at Capital City, but in 
I Infiltrated The Minecraft Mafia
 they are gone, so it can be assumed that between videos, stations ended at Capital City, along with more interpersonal things like Red's position in the mafia.

The Mines

The Mines are a subsection of Capital City, being where most people in Capital City reside. It is alluded to be some kind of equivalent to a labor camp--minus it being prisoners placed in there; made to mine for valuable ores all day until nightfall. The Mines subsection was watched over 
CoinMonke
 as a warden.

The pitfall most workers found themselves in was the promise to be able to leave The Mines if they reach an absurd quota of diamonds, mostly being impossible without the help of Parrot stealing from Red's vaults. 

It gradually grew to also have a roulette table, following Red's gambling motifs, to kill one player after a week as a punishment for being the target of Red's suspicions.

The Mines are now seemingly defunct after I Survived Minecraft's Most Corrupt City.

History

ParrotX2
, 
Wifies
, and 
deanthebean9
 tried to steal from Capital City. They are caught by Reddoons and five invisible guards. Reddoons says that they each need to get 1000 diamond blocks. They try to escape, but fail. Reddoons says they now need to get 10,000 diamond blocks.

They found a group of miners, with 
CoinMonke
 as the warden. Parrot spent his time mining. Parrot and his friends stole from Capital City vaults. Parrot gave 
PikaTM
 more than 3,000 diamond blocks and he was let free for meeting his quota. Parrot gave more people diamonds he stole from Capital City for them to be set free.

Reddoons found out about people getting set free and saw that his diamonds have been stolen. He tripled the required quota. Using "the smugglers", Parrot and Wifies were able to get white wool. They broke into one of the vaults using the wool, as there were sculk sensors detecting sound. They got in and stole the diamond blocks. Coming back to the mine, Reddoons caught them. Parrot and Wifies stored all of the shulker boxes of diamonds in pots to not get caught with the items.

Reddoons figured out that they used the pots to store the diamonds. Reddoons made it so whoever has the lowest amount of diamonds plays a game of roulette to decide if they live or not. Deanthebean9 and Parrot were tied for lowest. Parrot loses, but CoinMonke said he couldn't kill him, as he didn't want to kill him. Parrot threatened to tell Reddoons that he had not done his job unless he helped them steal from Reddoons. They found a bunch of different locks in the vault, but luckily they were able to brute force through them by trying all combinations, and breaking the redstone. They realized they forgot to bring shulkers and leave. CoinMonke told them Reddoons planned to lock down all of his vaults.

Parrot overheard Reddoons talking to CoinMonke. Reddoons mentioned that 
Ash
 suggested they kill people. Reddoons forces people to play a game which decides if they live or do not live. Reddoons rigs it so 
LuigiToan
 dies. CoinMonke refuses to kill him. Reddoons kills LuigiToan himself.

CoinMonke agreed to give the miners gear to steal Reddoons' diamonds for leverage. The team got caught. Reddoons gambled if they can leave or not. Reddoons let everyone free except for Parrot, deanthebean9, and Wifies, even though he won his bet. Reddoons brought them to Ash and 
The Invisible Mafia
. Ash suggested they join the Mafia, but they said no. They tried to force them to join, but CoinMonke activated their stasis chamber and they escaped.

Members of 
Skyblock Civilization
 investigated Capital City. They pretended to be members of The Mafia to infiltrate however, the invisible players were able to tell the fake ones and attack the Skyblock Civilization members.

Spoke
, 
Mapicc
 and 
Leow0ok
 were sent on a mission to trade with Reddoons. The leader of the mission was disappointed by Red's offerings. Since Red 
wasn't rich enough anymore
, the gold player just went with it and they left.

Reddoons constructed a new 
Capital City
 near 
Spawn
 and abandoned this city after the downfall of the Mafia. 

Wemmbu
 passed by the abandoned Capital City on his way to find 
FlameFrags
.

LettuceK
 cleared 
TheobaldTheBird
 and Parrot's items, took them to the abandoned Capital City and asked 
Deputy_Ace
 to kill them, after Parrot was caught escaping the prison. Surprisingly, Deputy_Ace betrayed Lettuce and sacrificed himself to buy enough time to let them escape.

Trivia

Capital City is named after 
a city Reddoons owned
 in Lifesteal SMP Season 3.

Navigation