"
Till we meet again, friend.
"
This article contains major spoilers from recently released episodes. Please proceed with caution.

Capitol City Police Force
, despite their name, were a team of mercenaries consisting of players with full diamond armor and black-and-grey banner shields. The Police Force was seen working in 
Capitol City
 albeit unofficially and illegally. They were different from the 
Capitol City Guard Force
 and are presumably its successors. The Police Force is mentioned to work for "whoever pays them the most" and not for the city. They were the major antagonists in 
Parrot's
 
I Exposed a Corrupt Minecraft Civilization
.

After the Police Force's leadership was seized and most of its members imprisoned by Capitol City in the conclusion of 
I Exposed a Corrupt Minecraft Civilization
, it was later reformed and eventually merged to the 
Royal Army
.

History

The Police Force was presumably hired by 
Cindercrest
 to arrest new players arriving into Capitol City. They trapped presumably new players in a very cramped apartment, providing them food and lying to them the outside world was dangerous. They then staged a death of 43 players inside Capitol City to frame 
Parrot
. Using the fake evidence, they storm Parrot's castle to arrest Parrot. Parrot surrenders and goes with them, and he is brought to a courtroom.

In the courtroom, the judge mentioned that in the next 24 hours, the Police Force would take over and commerce the purge of Capitol City. The Police Force imprisons Parrot and 
Theo
 inside the Black Market, now revamped to serve as a prison. Unknown to the Police Force, they were soon freed by the 
Merchant City Vanguard
.

The Capitol City was seen guarding the gates of Capitol City, with players standing in line. They kill new players in the process. One of the players in the line is a player with a bunch of cows, secretly smuggling Parrot, mentions they are traders. The Police Force guards became suspicious but gets bribed a stack of diamonds.

A policeman offers 
Fymada
 to step down as mayor in exchange for 10,000 diamonds or death. They gave her a day to think before the policeman leaves.

The Police Force arrives in the same tower to arrest Parrot. He walks on a tightrope to escape and bowing the policemen down. Unfortunately for Parrot, the Police Force surrounds the other side of the tightrope. Some policemen were killed and Parrot escapes. The Police Force continues their crusade against Parrot.

The Police Force eventually corners Parrot in a building. Parrot asks them why the policemen framed him, but they dismiss his question. Theo appears on top of the building shortly after.

bossstream, the leader of the Police Force, calls a meeting with all his fellow policemen. Parrot storms in and moments later all of the policemen were put in prison.

The remains of the Police Force were later reformed and eventually merged to the Royal Army.

Navigation