What if you just die, and I'm stuck here, and nobody ever trusts me again.
— 
deanthebean9
 to 
ParrotX2
 to 
Unstable SMP: The First War

deanthebean9
, more commonly known as 
Dean
, was a tritagonist in 
Unstable Universe
. Dean was a teammate of 
ParrotX2
 and 
Wifies
, and a former member of 
The Invisible Mafia
, Dean was portrayed as an unintelligent and relatively unskilled player. 

History

While Parrot and Wifies fly to create an 
End Civilization
, they notice an invisible player following them. They use the totem of the player revealing he is deanthebean9. Parrot and Wifies allow him to join the civilization. 

Parrot goes into the Mafia’s base to get rid of deanthebean9's stasis chamber. They are successful. 

Parrot, Wifies, and deanthebean9 try to steal from Capital City. They are caught by 
Reddoons
 and five guards. Reddoons says that they each need to get 1000 diamond blocks. They try to escape, but fail. He says they now need to get 10,000 diamond blocks. 

They find a group of miners, with 
CoinMonke
 as the warden. Parrot and his friends steal from Capital city vaults. Parrot gives PikaTM more than 3,000 diamond blocks and he is let free for meeting his quota. Parrot gives more people diamonds he stole from Capital City for them to be set free. 

Reddoons finds out about the people getting set free and sees that his diamonds have been stolen. He triples the required quota. Using "the smugglers", Parrot and Wifies are able to get white wool. They break into one of the vaults using the wool, as there are sculk sensors detecting sound. They get in and steal the diamond blocks. Coming back to the mine, Reddoons catches them. Parrot and Wifies store all of the shulker boxes of diamonds in pots to not get caught with the items.

Reddoons figures out that they used the pots to store the diamonds. Reddoons makes it so whoever has the lowest amount of diamonds plays a game of roulette to decide if they live or not. Deanthebean9 and Parrot are tied for lowest. Parrot loses, but CoinMonke says he can’t kill him, as he doesn’t want to kill him. Parrot threatens to tell Reddoons that he didn’t do his job unless he helps them steal from Reddoons. They find a bunch of different locks in a vault, but luckily they are able to brute force through them by trying all combinations, and breaking the redstone. They realize they forgot to bring shulkers and leave. CoinMonke tells them Reddoons plans to lock down all of his vaults.

The miners overhear Reddoons talking to CoinMonke. Reddoons mentions that 
ashswagg
 suggested they kill people. Reddoons forces people to play a game which decides if they live or do not live. Reddoons rigs it so 
LuigiToan
 dies. CoinMonke refuses to kill him. Reddoons kills LuigiToan himself.

CoinMonke agrees to give the miners gear to steal diamonds from Reddoons for leverage. The team gets caught. Reddoons gambles if they can leave or not. Reddoons lets everyone free except for Parrot, deanthebean9, and Wifies, even though he won his bet. Reddoons brings them to ashswagg and the Mafia. Ashswagg suggests they join the Mafia, but they decline. They try to force them to join, but CoinMonke activates their stasis chamber.

Parrot and his team run away. The Mafia stops chasing them. The Mafia finds them underground and begin blowing up the area. They are able to escape. The team goes into the nether, and again, the Mafia finds them there and begins exploding the area. Using suspicious stew giving fire resistance, they go underground and escape to the overworld.

While boating, a Mafia member finds them. They manage to pop the players totem of undying by exploding them with a TNT minecart. He is teleported to the void for not being invisible. While inside of an ancient city, Mafia members come in and begin exploding the ancient city. A warden spawns. They escape to the nether. After travelling a million blocks out, they find two players, 
R4trick
 and 
Finiahn
, who agree to help them cross an obsidian wall that is owned by the Mafia. R4trick says there are thousands of Mafia members.

Parrot starts destroying an iron farm, but the Mafia members find them destroying it, and R4trick runs away. They escape using invisibility. They loot a trial chamber, but find that all of the ominous vaults were removed. They hear people who are revealed in a later episode to be 
SpokeIsHere
 and his friends, and start mining out. They go to the nether to escape.

They go onto the nether roof with horses and begin making it to the farlands. The Mafia finds them and begins killing them. They escape to the overworld.

Right before getting to the farlands, deanthebean9 tells Parrot that he has been the reason the Mafia found them every time. Deanthebean9 leaves because he feels guilty.

Parrot finds deanthebean9 in a house, but Parrot still doesn’t trust him. 

Deanthebean9 joins the Mafia to secretly help Parrot and regain trust. Parrot goes to visit deanthebean9, but sees he isn’t there. Parrot sees a bunch of TNT bomber planes heading towards spawn. He pops the totem of undying of one of the Mafia members, revealing it is deanthebean9. Deanthebean9 is teleported into the void and dies. 

Trivia

The 9 in the username deanthebean9 is due to the fact that the first 8 iterations of "deanthebean" were already taken.

Dean held onto the goat horn that Parrot and Wifies gave him at the start of 
The Search for Minecraft's Far Lands
.

Navigation