I'd rather die standing than live kneeling.
— 
Deputy_Ace
 to 
LettuceK
 to in 
I Became King of the Unstable SMP

Deputy_Ace
, or 
Ace
 was a major antagonist in Unstable Universe. He is the secondary antagonist of 
The Kings Arc
 serving as 
LettuceK
's right hand man, alongside 
The Law's Elite Force
.

Personality

Deputy_Ace is a serious and loyal member of 
The Law
, however he is shown to really question LettuceK's decision making and overall view on "justice." His views were shown when he opposed using an orbital cannon on the people of 
the Great Sea
, executing 
Wemmbu
, and assassinating 
Parrot
. 

History

Deputy_Ace is seen briefly in 
FlameFrags
 video 
100 Hunters VS Minecraft Combat Master
 as someone who sits at the desk and guards the prison. 

Deputy_Ace confronts 
LettuceK
, informing him that all the lawmen are dead. Lettuce tells him that what Unstable needs is a king. 

Deputy_Ace  and 
loppezz
 walk 
Wemmbu
, who is captured, to the stage during lettuceK's speech. all three of them, Deputy_Ace, loppezz and lettuceK, then Wemmbu back to the prison after the speech. However, on the way, 
SpokeIsHere
 splashes wemmbu with invisibility. Wemmbu hides then later gets caught due to a player snitching on him.  

Deputy_Ace hunts down 
FlameFrags
 despite him being exiled. Flame outruns him and kills his horse. FlameFrags practices a new strategy he found with 
Lomedy
 and his farmers until he gets confronted by Ace. Ace fights FlameFrags and leaves afterwards, promising to bring more players. After he returns, his army raids Lomedy's farm and attacks FlameFrags. Flame is able to kill the army until they begin using slow falling. Flame loses again and Lomedy gets arrested by The Law.

He was present when Wemmbu arrived at The Law's Great Sea base to destroy the orbital cannon. However, he hesitated to fire the cannon, which lead to it being destroyed, and ultimately chose not to pursue Wemmbu, allowing him to escape.  

Deputy_Ace sabotages the prison, allowing 
Parrotx2
, who was imprisoned, to escape. 

Deputy_Ace is instructed by LettuceK to kill 
Parrotx2
 and 
TheobaldTheBird
. He refuses, killing the other netherite Law soldiers who were also instructed the same. He gave parrot and Theo gear, and helped them escape. Deputy_Ace gives his pickaxe to Theo and tries holds off 
The Law
. He is ultimately killed by 
SargeLAW
 after confronting Lettuce and his elites one last time. Parrot and Theo eventually builds a grave sometime after his death. His death is viewed as one of the saddest deaths of Unstable. Ace's last words were ¨I'd rather die standing than live kneeling.¨  

He was the main reason why 
Parrot
 managed to become the first king of Unstable, as during the ending of "I became king of the Unstable SMP", 
LettuceK
 says that he knew all was lost when the execution of 
Parrot
 and 
TheobaldTheBird
 failed, due to Ace's betrayal.  

Thumbnails

Trivia

Deputy_Ace is one of LettuceK's only two friends, the other being loppezz, as mentioned by LettuceK on a reaction of the Parrot Law Arc Finale. The rest of 
the Elite Force
 are just "coworkers."

Deputy_Ace is one of the many characters played by the content creator Twirps.

Navigation