Whenever you mess up, nobody cares. When I mess up that's literally what everyone remembers me for.
— 
Derapchu
 to 
ParrotX2
, in 
I Got Hunted by a Minecraft Redstone Genius

Derapchu
 is a character in 
Unstable Universe
. He formally worked for 
Spoke
 to take over the Unstable SMP, was a member of 
Bounty Assassin Team
, and was the deuteragonist in 
I Got Hunted by a Minecraft Redstone Genius
.

Contents

1
 
Personality

2
 
History

2.1
 
Season 1

2.2
 
Season 2

3
 
Boundaries

4
 
Trivia

5
 
Gallery

5.1
 
Thumbnails

6
 
Navigation

Personality

Derapchu is a sincere and funny character, he is loyal to his cause and dislikes people who disagree with his ideas, such as 
Kenadian
 or Spoke. He is incredibly loyal to Jumperwho and they are always on the same team. He is willing to do what he needs to in order to survive but is also willing to put everything on the line for his team. Since joining BAT, we see a more insecure and gentle side of him. He is insecure due to the way people often dismiss him and dumb and airheaded, although he admittedly is clumsy and often gets into bad situations. He feels the need to overcompensate for his lack of general ability and the fact that he always seems to need saving, as well as various other factors. He is often overly apologetic even when no one is blaming him, due to the fact he is so used to being the cause of issues. This insecurity, though, pushes him to do better, which leads to him risking his life and saving 
Parrot
 from 
MrCube
. 

History

Season 1

Derapchu is hired to be a guard of one of 
The Wonders
.

Derapchu is convinced to not let 
ParrotX2
 fire an 
Orbital Strike Cannon
. Derapchu later agrees to team with Parrot to build a new orbital cannon to stop an orbital cannon from destroying the Frosted Palace Wonder.

Derapchu is seen as a guard for Spoke in an end base.

Derapchu is 
chunk banned
 in an ocean.

Parrot and 
Rekrap2
 free Derapchu by destroying the chunk ban. Derapchu agrees to team with Parrot to break more people out.

Parrot and Rekrap and Derapchu go over to the next prison, which is built in a jungle. They start breaking into the prison. They manage to explode the chunk ban using a TNT cannon.

While travelling to the 
Zam Empire
, the server crashes. When they join, they are sent back to a previous save. It turns out that PrinceZam had added a new defense which makes it so that the server crashes when getting too close to certain locations. This is called a memory ban.

The team go to a nether prison, and try to break in. They discover that there are three chunk bans in this prison. They manage to destroy one of the chunk bans.

They move onto an ice themed prison. Using flying machines, they are able to free 
Fantst
. Fantst agrees to join their team to break people out of prisons.

They go to a sky prison. They are able to destroy the chunk ban.

Fantst chunk bans himself as he thinks that the prisons will just get harder and harder to break people out of.

They go to a new end prison and use TNT minecarts to destroy the chunk ban. The player released has no interest of teaming with them. The team goes over to the first end prison they went to, and easily destroy the chunk ban using TNT minecarts. The player freed is 
JumperWho
, who agrees to help them.

The team uses the nether to avoid the memory bans that crash the server. They find the prison that holds Spoke and Wifies and try to break in. They retreat back to a cave to plan an escape. They figure out how they can chunk ban the guards. They set up an underground chunk ban setup, and have JumperWho lead the guards to the chunk ban. They manage to chunk ban all of the guards. Parrot is able to get 
_Kenadian_
 to help them break out Spoke and Wifies using a wither bore. They kill the baby piglins which are holding chunk bans using flying machines and TNT minecarts. They are successful in breaking out Wifies. They also accidentally break out Spoke.

Derapchu is seen as a part of 
Leow0ok
’s team to kill 
ClownPierce
.

Parrot is sent to get a heart of the sea for a quest. This heart of the sea is Derapchu’s most prized possession.

Parrot, Wifies, JumperWho, _Kenadian_, Rekrap2, and Derapchu are put inside of a prison called 
Proton
 by ClownPierce. They escape the prison by making a honey stasis chamber and having Wemmbu give them contraband items.

Season 2

Derapchu joined 
Bounty Assassin Team
.

The Director
 hired 
MrCube6
 to assassinate Parrot by trapping him under the void. Derapchu found Parrot and saved him. Parrot saw an invisible player sitting in one of the chairs.

Derapchu was trapped by MrCube6 on a pressure plate. Parrot and the team had to figure out which redstone lines to activate to save him and the entire base from exploding within a certain amount of time. MrCube also said that he sent a TNT bomber plane towards their base. They were able to save Derapchu.

Parrot sets up a trap and caught MrCube. They trapped him in a prison. MrCube manages to escape. MrCube stole all of the gear shulker boxes from the headquarters. MrCube gave these items to 
4CVIT
. Parrot and Derapchu took the shulker boxes of items back. A team of bandits tried to steal from Parrot and Derapchu, but fail.

BAT found MrCube and detained him. They interrogated MrCube. They gave MrCube a dandelion. MrCube escaped with a stasis chamber, but not before he gave Parrot a book. The book stated something about a dandelion, implying that The Director somehow knew that MrCube would get a dandelion.

Parrot found a chest in his room with a sign saying to run. Inside the chest was two stacks of ender pearls and an invisibility potion. The 
BAT Headquarters
 go into lockdown mode, so Parrot used an invisibility potion and hides. BAT tried to find Parrot to presumably kill him. Parrot flied away to make his own base.

BAT found Parrot and claimed that he was The Director. Parrot ran to the nether. They found Parrot on the nether roof. Parrot managed to escape.

Parrot spied on BAT's meeting with the help of 
JumperWho
. Jumper betrayed him revealing his location. Parrot managed to escape during the chaos. 

BAT watched Parrot and The Director have a conversation, which convinces BAT that Parrot was not The Director.

The BAT headquarters was destroyed by TruOriginal who uses a hack to use other people's usernames and skins. TruOriginal tried to kill them. 
Leow0ok
 stayed behind so BAT can escape. Leow0ok eventually escaped and found BAT. TruOriginal tried to kill them but eventually ran away. BAT make a new base and guard it. TruOriginal tried to kill them again. BAT led TruOriginal into a trap to try and kill him, but he teleported Parrot into the trap, almost killing him. He was luckily able to escape. They pretended that they had a second trap and scared TruOriginal away.

Derapchu and Leow0ok were kidnapped by TruOriginal while they are sleeping and placed them in the HQ's prison. They were rescued after Nufuli and Parrot killed TruOriginal.

Nufuli left the team, and as he was leaving, the Director killed him. They saw the Director and try to kill him.

Derapchu went on a mission to hunt down the Director with Parrot and Leo. They chase him through an ender pearl cannon leading to a trap filled with hundreds of flow trimmed netherite zombies. They eventually escape and goes on a recon mission to spy on the Director.

Derapchu and Leo acted as Jumper's spies under Parrot's instructions to force Jumper into revealing the truth. The act was later dropped with Derapchu and Jumper ordered to leave the Void Base.

Derapchu and Jumper followed Parrot all the way out to Wifies house and questions him about his disappearance. The Director appears, lures them into a powdered snow trap and trapping both Derapchu and Jumper in an obsidian box surrounded by arrow dispensers. He was later saved by Leow0ok with a happy ghast while Parrot distracts the Director.

The Director found Derapchu at some point and forced him to work as a guard in 
Paragon
. 

He vanishes after the events of Paragon.

Boundaries

Don't draw him genderbent unless it's for a bit on stream

No generative AI

Don't put glasses on his Minecraft character

Don't break other peoples boundaries in his fanart

Trivia

Despite his last proper appearance being in 
Hunting a Minecraft Player Who Doesn't Exist
, he was shown in the crowd of 
LettuceK's
 emergency meeting at the beginning of 
Unstable SMP: The First King
.

Gallery

Thumbnails

Navigation