can i win?
— 
FlameFrags

Dominating Minecraft's Deadliest PVP Tournament
 is the 51st episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.  

Plot

FlameFrags
 participates in a PVP tournament hosted by 
AJTHEBOLD
 to get another rematch against 
Wemmbu.
 The point of the tournament is to determine who is the strongest PVPer. Each fighter has 3 totems. If all of them pop they get their stasis pulled back into the lobby and get disqualified.

Flame first fights 
Willsion
 and easily beats him. Flame then watches other players fight including 
WyLL
, 
FerreMC
, 
Wemmbu
, 
Conexion
, and  
TheobaldTheBird
 which actually kills his enemy. AJ has 
Horace Altman
 clean out the arena. 

Flame teases Wemmbu by taking his shulker boxes and beating him up with his fists. Flame then watches Wemmbu fight Wyll which Wemmbu wins. Flame fights Ferre and gives a recap of Ferre's playstyle in fighting and his past. Flame beats Ferre and goes into the minigames to talk with the other contestants. It was there Flame realized the power of Theo's carts so he decided to go into 
Merchant City
 to buy blast protection. Flame then fights Theo and switches his netherite leggings with his diamond leggings with blast protection periodically to negate the cart's damage and switch back to his protection IV leggings to block Theo's melee damage. Flame wins and then moves into the finals.

Wemmbu and Flame begin preparing for their match. When the finals start, Wemmbu begins macing Flame while also using melee. However, it didn't take long for Flame to figure out his pattern and block his mace hits. Flame ends up popping Wemmbu's totem after comboing him. Flame taunts Wemmbu until he pops his totem by pillaring up and macing him multiple times. Wemmbu eventually ends up running out of wind charges and has to use armour stands + his wind burst mace to launch himself but Flame already knew he was going to do that thus avoiding him when he does that. Wemmbu's helmet and leggings break. Flame's armour breaks too letting Wemmbu pop his totem. Wemmbu's chestplate breaks and Flame shoots him, popping his totem again. Flame pops Wemmbu for the third time making him win the tournament. Flame begins teasing Wemmbu after he wins the tournament.