Hidden millions of blocks out on our Minecraft server, Paragon was built by my friend to trap me forever. And even though it's considered perfect, I promise that someday, somehow, I'm going to escape. 
— 
ParrotX2

Escaping Paragon: The Perfect Minecraft Prison
 is the 50th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Contents

1
 
Plot

2
 
Analysis

3
 
Soundtrack

4
 
Trivia

Plot

Parrot gets trapped in a cell in a prison named Paragon. Wifies arrives at the cell to give Parrot some food. He then leaves after. Parrot had snuck some items and he used his fishing rod to pull Wifies away from his flying machine and uses a wind charge to get on it and he escapes the cell. However upon escaping Parrot realizes that there's way more to this prison that just one cell. Wifies tells Parrot that it's impossible to escape the prison and that when Parrot realizes they will build a world where Parrot doesn't have to worry about dying and Wifies doesn't have to worry about Parrot dying.

Wifies clears all of Parrot's items and after he realizes that he has one boat left, he tells Parrot to throw his spyglass. Parrot throws his spyglass out of the tower they were standing on and asks Wifies why would he want his spyglass. Parrot plans on killing Wifies after this. Parrot crafts a wooden sword and upon seeing Wifies he tries to kill him but after his totem pops he got teleported away. After this Parrot rushes to get the spyglass he threw because it reminded him of who Wifies used to be before he faked his death. Parrot then tries to escape by bridging to the walls, however, 2 guards splash him with slow falling and push him off the bridge. Parrot decides to check the nether as well, however, there was also a wall there. Parrot decides to explore the prison and he finds Wifies' house. He burns the house down. Parrot decides to build his own house and also go fishing until Wifies shows up and starts fishing as well. Parrot plans on making it seem like he is escaping to distract the guards.

Parrot goes to the nether to trade with piglins for ender pearls to set a stasis at his house and also make it look like he is trying to escape through the nether roof and as soon as the guards find out they stop him from doing so. After his stasis activates he celebrates by taunting Wifies and starts towering to the walls of the prison until Wifies shows up and tells him to get down before he hurts himself. Parrot tries to convince Wifies that he gave up and he doesn't care if it takes weeks or even months to kill him and escape. Wifies pretends to go AFK and when Parrot decides to try to kill him using dripstone but Wifies moves away at the last second.

Over the next few weeks Parrot and Wifies play minigames like Hide and Seek, Parkour and more. Wifies opens the wall to the outside world and tells Parrot to take a look at those dandelions. Wifies also tells Parrot how he knew about the dandelions from when Parrot and BAT had imprisoned MrCube. Wifies told Parrot that he had leverage over Jumper and that if she didn't listen to him, he would leak the identities of all of her spies. Wifies tells Parrot that if you could control something that someone cares about, you can control that person and that's why the guards work in the prison 24/7 and without them the prison wouldn't function. Parrot and Wifies patch up the hole. Parrot manages to trap one of the guards and it was revealed to be Jumper. Jumper tells Parrot that she was a guard along with Leowook and Derapchu and she begs him not to escape because Wifies will just reveal the identities of her spies if he does. Wifies falls into the room that Parrot trapped Jumper in and dismisses her. Parrot tells Wifies that they can still leave the prison and go back to spawn or far away from spawn and he eventually realizes that it wont work on him.

Wifies tells Parrot that he has been tracking his entire inventory and starts telling him every item that he has. Wifies clears Parrot's inventory again except this time, Parrot keeps the spyglass since Wifies is unaware of his spyglass. Wifies brings Parrot back to the same tower where the cell from the beginning of the video is except this time he takes Parrot to a chamber that looks similar to the one that MrCube used to try to kill him. Wifies clears out his entire inventory too and tells Parrot to step on a pressure plate. Wifies also steps on the pressure plate and tells Parrot that if any of them step off of the pressure plate, the TNT below them explodes and they both die. Parrot shows Wifies the spyglass and tells him why he didn't let it despawn. Wifies tells Parrot that he killed that version of himself and that he had to and shouts out the guards' and Parrot tells Wifies that he never gave up on Wifies and he hoped that one day he would snap out of it and become who he used to be. He even tells Wifies that when he gets out of the prison he won't remember him as the person who did horrible things and killed people but as the person he used to be. Wifies tells Parrot to give him the spyglass before he hurts himself and Parrot responds by saying "It's all yours" just like that one time when Wifies gave him the spyglass before getting chunk banned by Spoke and drops his spyglass to the pressure plate. After Parrot leaves, Wifies starts to look back at all the memories he had with Parrot back when they were friends and he starts running for the spyglass. After getting the spyglass the TNT blows up and he dies in the explosion. 

The video concludes with Parrot getting some food and blocks and leaving the prison.

Analysis

We learn how MrCube6 knew about the dandelion in the BAT's Prison dandelion incident - it was JumperWho, threatened by Wifies revealing all of her spies' identities.

We learn about the philosophical principles of manipulation and people owning.

The final act of Wifies grabbing the spyglass restores his sanity.

The blow of Wifies, holding the spyglass, has symbolical contribution to the plot - it represents the lost genuine point of their friendship.

Soundtrack

Gambit - Christoffer Moe Ditlevsen
 (0:00)

Volcano - Romeo
 (0:57)

Crysopoeia - Lena Raine
 (1:15)

??? (1:41)

??? (2:18)

The Misty Mountains - Hampus Naeselius
 (3:09)

Memories of Autumn - Jon Presstone
 (4:01)

Ballad of the Cats - C418
 (5:00)

Difficult Conversation - Peter Larsen
 (5:51)

Excuse - C418
 (6:37)

Beginning 2 - C418
 (6:52)

Crysopoeia - Lena Raine
 (7:30)

The Big Escape - Bojan Binevski
 (7:53)

A Breach in the Wall - Dream Cave
 (8:25)

Falling Up - DEX 1200
 (9:16)

Taswell - C418
 (9:39)

Ballad of the Cats - C418
 - (10:27)

Words In The Wind - Jon Presstone
 (10:56)

??? (11:31)

General Instinct - Craft Case
 (12:20)

Whodunit - FableForte
 (13:00)

Gambit - Christoffer Moe Ditlevsen
 (14:24)

???, closest i could find is 
Alien - Atmosphreal
 (15:21)

Gravity Ride - Anthony Phillips & Andrew Skeet
 (15:47)

Left In The Past - Jon Presstone
 (16:46)

Elapsed - Sémø
 (18:03)

??? (19:05)

??? (20:21)

??? (21:02)

Thinking Time - Francesco Giovannangelo
 (22:06)

I'm Thinking - Emanuel Kallins, Chieli Minucci and Andy Asfendis
 (23:15)

Problem Solver - Erik Vargas
 (24:08)

Gravity Ride - Anthony Phillips & Andrew Skeet
 (24:48)

Crysopoeia - Lena Raine
 (25:13)

Left In The Past - Jon Presstone
 (25:33)

Gambit - Christoffer Moe Ditlevsen
 (26:18)

Against Time - David Stephen Goldsmith
 (29:08)

Moving Shadows - Julie Cooper
 (30:55)

Rubedo - Lena Raine
 (32:08)

Soundbed - Blue Saga
 (34:02)

Ballad of the Cats - C418
 (35:24)

Beginning 2 - C418
 (38:10)

Eternity - Ivan Luzan
 (39:40)

??? (most likely custom music that hasn't been released) (42:15)

Alpha - C418
 (44:14)

Trivia

The guards were played by Wifies and Horace because Leo and Derapchu were absent from the shoot. Jumper was the only guard who was present.

The spyglass was originally planned to despawn on a pressure plate, and the scene where Wifies runs to pick it up was suggested by him.

It wasn't originally planned for Wifies to die; Parrot only came to this decision after Nufuli's death, because he decided that he went too far and after all this, Wifies and Parrot's characters would no longer be able to be friends.