i have to escape before i am executed
 
— 
Wemmbu

Escaping Prison on the Unstable SMP
 is the 92nd episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

It's been a week since 
Wemmbu
 was put in solitary confinement and 
LettuceK
 lets him out of his cell. While Wemmbu was waiting out his time in solitary confinement, he thought about his previous escape attempt and how Spoke bypassed the security, meaning there's a way to escape. As the next day start, the prisoners get their food and begin their new job of tree chopping. 
Loppezz
 instructs the prison guard to only give the prisoners one milk bucket to mine, but the guard is lenient and gives them more. 
Fantst
 tries to smuggle a bucket to Wemmbu, but loppezz catches them and tells Wemmbu to drop the bucket, and Wemmbu drops all but one. Afterwards, they get to the inventory checking area, 
PrinceZam
, 
Baablu
, and Fantst all go before Wemmbu. They anger loppezz to the point where by the time Wemmbu goes in, she is yelling at the others while Wemmbu secretly puts the cake back into the chest, making him appear to have more inventory space than he does. He drops everything except a milk bucket, some logs, and one cake. They go back to their cells and loppezz says she's had enough and is taking a break. When the lights go off, Wemmbu crafts a full set of wooden tools, a boat, signs, and trapdoors. He gets rid of the evidence and waits out the night. 

A new day arrives and loppezz says she hired someone to whip them into shape. 
SargeRaxby
 says they will be the future of The Law and leads them to a rec room. SargeRaxby stands on stage, talking about how The Law has lots of enemies and has to be strong. While he's talking, Wemmbu picks up water from a nearby pond. SargeRaxby then makes them begin their training, starting off with archery and brings Baablu and Fantst up first. Wemmbu talks to Zam using signs, saying they need to come up with an actual plan to escape rather than doing the same things over and over again. Zam says they'll be put in solitary again, but Wemmbu says it's better to escape, and they need to plan with Baablu and Fantst as well. Zam thinks they should leave the two, but Wemmbu says they all need to work together or else Lettuce will execute him. They try to break the sign, but the mining fatigue makes it too slow, so they come up with a plan while they can. Wemmbu tells Zam to take the blame about having the sign, and Wemmbu asks Zam if he has any invisibility in his ender chest, in which he doesn't. The sergeant catches them writing on a sign and scolds Zam while he begs for his life. Wemmbu gets Fantst and asks if he has invisibility potions, but Fantst says he doesn't know. The sergeant catches them and breaks the sign. They go to the next training area, which is a fighting arena. Wemmbu and Baablu go first, they fight until one of their totems pop, and Wemmbu ends up winning. While Zam and Fantst are fighting, Wemmbu puts down another sign and asks Baablu if he has invisibility, and he says he thinks so. Wemmbu then says they need to break their armor and asks Baablu if he knows where an ender chest is around here, but Baablu says no. As Wemmbu writes they need to scout for on, he's called up to fight Zam. Wemmbu ends up beating Zam, since Zam was already low on health. As a reward, Wemmbu gets to keep his totem. The sergeant doesn't item check them, thinking they don't have anything, and over the course of the next few days, the guards don't either since they assumed the prisoners thought escape was impossible. 

The next time they work, they're put into a wheat farm, and Wemmbu goes into the furthest corner and uses his water bucket to climb up the lights and get a few levers that activated the glowstone lamps. While walking through the prison, they find out the guard rooms have ender chests in them. When they get back to their cells, Lettuce brings a new prisoner, 
Lomedy
. During lunch break, Wemmbu writes to Baablu they need to get to an ender chest now, then tells Zam to distract the guards when the doors open. Wemmbu and Baablu are unable to open the door without a key access, so they take a button from the guards panel and begin placing it in spots where redstone may open it. Loppezz runs in from hearing all the commotion, Wemmbu and Baablu hide inside of the panel and sneaks past loppezz while the door is still open. They make it to the second level, but need to be cautious about the guards in the walls still. Wemmbu then comes up with the idea to pop his totem using fall damage to get rid of the mining fatigue. He breaks the dispenser that acts as the key reader, and places a button where it was to open the door just slightly. They make it in and find the ender chest, Baablu places down a shulker with invisibility pots when loppezz catches him. Wemmbu sneaks around, but is eventually caught by loppezz too. She makes them do an inventory check, Wemmbu manages to smuggle a cake, while Baablu smuggles in one invis pot. They're put into solitary confinement, and Spoke comes through a secret door, keeping his promise of coming back. Wemmbu tells Spoke to leave and that he didn't mean to get put back in solitary confinement. Spoke says the invis potion is the last key to Wemmbu's escape, and if they can keep it a secret between them then he can escape. Wemmbu still doesn't accept Spoke's deal, and Spoke says he needs him as much as he needs him, then teleports out.

The next day during lunch break, Wemmbu tells Zam they need to leave. Their job is to mine again, Wemmbu and Baablu dig a tunnel and get their helmet durability down to 1 and does it for the rest of the prisoners in secret. They all gather up in a tunnel and Baablu splashes invis. They try to break each others armor, but runs low on food and starts to get low. Lettuce overhears them talking about needing food, and catches them in their escape attempt. Wemmbu and Baablu dig out as Lettuce and loppezz blow up the area in search for them. They make it into a cave and digs up, Lettuce is right on their tail, they almost make it free until their hole is blown up. They're sent back to the prison and is forced to mend their armor. Lettuce then puts all four of them in permanent solitary confinement. Zam thinks they'll be in confinement forever, but Wemmbu says there's another way out and to just wait. When the lights go off, Spoke comes in and kills two guards. Before they can head forward, Spoke asks Wemmbu to accept his part of the deal, but Wemmbu still won't do it. Spoke says the blame of the guard's deaths will be put on Wemmbu's hands unless he agrees, so Wemmbu says yes. Wemmbu lets Baablu and Fantst out and they start to fight off the guards. They head to Lomedy's cell and get him to escape, but Lomedy says he's safe in there and will abide to them. Loppezz comes with a large army of guards, but all the guards die and loppezz manages to run off. They make it out of the ravine and onto The Law's main ground, and bunch of netherite guards show up, and the prisoners run. Wemmbu and loppezz face each other, and loppezz backs off when she gets low. Wemmbu uses this chance to escape since he wasn't able to do much more in that fight.

Wemmbu knows The Law will stop at nothing to execute him, he could've handled all of the netherite guards with the right resources, but he's missing his two fighting techniques, Elytra macing and orbital strike cannons. Wemmbu doesn't have enough power to destroy all of Law, so he heads back to the Farlands to obtain more orbital strike cannons.

Trivia

Wemmbu accidentally held out contraband, his boat, in front of SargeRaxby, but went unnoticed.

In one of Lettuce's stream, Spongs mentioned that he was supposed to be in prison and escape alongside Wemmbu, but he was unable to come to the recording in time.