This
 is the most secure prison in all of Minecraft. Nothing in here is certain except for one thing: if you get trapped, there's no escape. But I promise that someday, somehow, I'm gonna break out.
— 
Parrot

Escaping Proton: Minecraft's Most Secure Prison
 is the 15th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

After 
ParrotX2
 and 
Wifies
 arrive at 
Proton
, they find that the cell they are put in is rather large, with a hilly plains terrain and a river cutting through it. Directly across the hill they are standing on are multiple leafless cherry trees, which they immediately chop down and turn into slabs so they can scale to the build-limit-high crying obsidian walls with a broken green line that circulates it. They decide to stop at one of the green platforms, which Wifies steps on, getting him 
chunk banned
 by a fox ban. 

Parrot goes back down and waits until a guard arrives. He tries to convince the guard to free Wifies, but the guard doesn't say anything and ignores his request. He gives Parrot a pearl and leads him through a tunnel that takes him to a nearly identical cell to the previous one, but with red platforms and acacia trees. Parrot goes to an unfinished house with a crafting table and two signs that read "
if you can see this
" and "
jumperwho
 and 
derapchu
 were here.
" 

rekrap2
 arrives shortly after and tells Parrot that he was with 
_Kenadian_
 before he got transferred to the red cell. Parrot informs him that he was with Wifies, but he got chunk banned. He shows Rekrap the signs, and Rekrap explains that the prison is newly built and that it contains all of the missing players that Parrot was searching for. Rekrap informs him that before he was with Kenadian, he was with 
Wemmbu
, but he managed to escape before they started moving the prisoners. 

Rekrap asks Parrot what they were doing in the previous cell, and Parrot tells him that they were scaling to the top of the walls. They didn't manage to do so before Wifies got banned and suggests that they try again. While gathering materials, Wifies is freed, and Parrot tries to whisper to him, "Are you all good?" before crashing. Parrot attempts to message Wifies again, only to discover the same thing. He tells Rekrap to message him, which makes Rekrap crash. Parrot tries again, only to crash. Parrot then tries to type in the normal chat, butit doesn't show up in the log at all. 

Parrot and Rekrap go down to see if the walls reach bedrock, only to discover that they do. They scale the walls all the way to build height and find the two other cells that are connected to a central room, as well as an outer wall of one layer of obsidian. They go down via waterfall and Parrot almost falls to his death. They decide to write signs that say "
and Parrot ∋ and rek,"
 "
message from ∋ parrot and rek ∋∋ went to top --,
" "
saw three cells ∋ also small outer ∋ walls,
" "
red green blue ∋ cells. 2 ppl per ∋ cell. as of now, we think it is," "parrot, rekrap, ∋ wifies, jumper, ∋ derapchu, ∋ kenadian,
" and "
messaging is ∋ also banned for ∋ some reason,
" in front of Jumper and Derapchu's signs. 

Rekrap asks if they should scale the entrances which are curved to see if they can look through them. While scaling, Parrot talks about how calculated Proton is, especially compared to 
PrinceZam's
 prison. Rekrap discusses how there has to be a weak spot like the 
Death Star
 from 
Star Wars
, Parrot retorts, saying to look around. Rekrap retorts that he has to believe 'cause what else are they supposed to do. Rekrap goes mining while Parrot looks around. Parrot almost dies while wandering around which made them decide to make a wheat farm. Rekrap tries to discuss possible ways to escape a chunkban but Parrot can't think of possible ways to do so and neither can Rekrap. Parrot then decides to go mining while Rekrap gathers food, agreeing to meet back up in 10 minutes. When Parrot returns he doesn't see Rekrap but does see a guard who hits and gestures for him to get going. The guard gives Parrot a pearl, which Parrot keeps, then asks the guard if they want to use the bridge that he and Rekrap made, to which the guard agrees.

The guard then leads Parrot to the blue cell, where he finds Kenadian, with Ken confirming that he came from the green cell. Parrot informs Ken he was with Wifies first, then with Rek, while Ken informs him he was with Rek first, then Derapchu. Parrot is happy that Ken is with him because he knows what he's doing, to which Ken hesitates, saying that it's a lot easier from the outside. Ken then informs Parrot that there are rings of bubble elevators in the outside that can be seen just about when one builds high enough. Parrot then goes inside a wooden shack that has a sign on it saying, "
I am safe ∋ - Wifies ∋ - Jumper.
" Parrot and Ken then discuss the prison. Ken points out the three beacons and informs Parrot that they came from the control room, which means that there really are only three cells. Parrot then stops and asks Ken to repeat himself; Ken then pointed at the beacons, the ones coming off to the side. Parrot then leads Ken to the tunnel, discussing how Ken said the beacons come from the control room and how Parrot and Rek were discussing the possibility of a control room earlier. Parrot then grills Ken about making the assumption that the beacons are coming from the control room while Ken tries to defend his case. Parrot then interrogates Ken about the fact that he doesn't know anybody else on the server who's capable of making a prison like this, and that he doesn't know how Ken ended up in the prison, but that he wants Ken to be honest with him about whether or not they made the prison. Ken eventually relents saying that he may have in fact designed it and didn't inform Parrot 'cause he didn't want him to get mad. Ken then confirms that Clown hired him to design the prison but that he didn't know what he was gonna use it for. They then climb to build height and Parrot tells Ken that he doesn't care that Ken designed the prison 'cause it doesn't affect him and that it probably helps them because he knows the entire inner layout. And that Parot understands Ken keeping it a secret from them 'cause he didn't want them getting mad, to which Ken interrupts saying it wasn't just that, that with his knowledge of the cell their chances of escape was 0, that he patched so many ways to escape but that they can still try but that it's his knowledge against him and why he's pretty much given up and that it's nice in the prison anyway. Parrot then asks, "Is it though?" Ken replies "It's cozy." Parrot then tells him that if they don't try then they have no shot in the first place and that he wants to get everyone out, that he doesn't know how but he's gonna try but that if he wants to help then he's gonna have to be truthful 100% of the time. Ken agrees. They then go back to the shack to discuss the layout of the prison. Ken then informs him that they've modified the prison but that he'll try his best. Parrot then asks for all the information Ken knows, and Ken gives a rundown of everything he knows about the prison's design and possible courses of action. Ken suggests maps to distribute amongst the prisoners. Parrot then points out that the guards don't really patrol the inside of the cells and brings up the possibility of getting someone inside to bring an ender chest.

A guard arrives while Parrot gathers wheat and leads him to the green cell. Parrot finds a cobblestone shack with three signs in it that read "
rekrap and ∋ jumper,
" "
you can turn ∋ chunkbans on ∋ and off,
" and "
at least 2-3 ∋ different guards.
" Parrot finds Derapchu and catches up with him because of how long it's been since they last saw each other. Derapchu then informs Parrot that there used to be a lot more people in the prison and that Wemmbu was one of them, but he escaped. Parrot then tells Derapchu that Ken built the prison; Derapchu then exclaims that he hates Ken, but Parrot reasons that it's good 'cause he knows the ins and outs of the prison. Parrot then discusses how to spread messages between the prisoners using maps with copies of each of the cells. Derapchu and Parrot then go mining for redstone. Eventually they find some and test it out by having Derapchu place blocks that say "HI" and "YO" while Parrot sees if it shows up in his map. They then keep a number of maps among them and plan to distribute them by the time they get redistributed. They then see a guard coming and say their farewells.

Parrot then follows the guard, who leads him to the red cell, and along the way, Parrot guesses there's at least 2 or 3 guards and lists off what he's observed: one sprint-jumps the whole way, and the one who was currently leading him turns around a lot. When Parrot arrives, he makes a map and greets Jumper. Parrot then tells Jumper about their map plan and gives Jumper one. Parrot then discovers that the maps blank out after moving, so he makes a cartography table to hopefully fix the problem. They then test out various blocks they can use for writing and find out that diorite is the most legible. They then write, place, andseveral diorite blocks until it shows up on the map as a dot. They run out of diorite in the middle of it and go mining; once they have a good number, then they make a flat plane of dirt for the purpose of writing. Parrot then convinces Jumper to go into solitary confinement in order to expand the map. Jumper then goes to build height and pearls out in order to get caught by guards. 
Leo
 suddenly arrives at the cell as a visitor and asks Parrot what was up with Jumper. Parrot asks Leo how many guards took Jumper, and he said 3. Parrot feels bad because of how quickly the guards took Jumper, and Leo is upset at the fact his teammate got taken to solitary confinement. Leo asks Parrot for help breaking out his teammates, and Parrot agrees 'cause he was already planning to do that anyway. Leo then tells Parrot he needs to make a stasis chamber so he can come back later. Parrot then asks Leo how long he's waiting until he or someone else comes but is teleported away before he can answer. Parrot then makes a sign that says, "
Grab the maps in ∋ the chest,
" and hides it behind a wall. Parrot asks for a pearl to pearl into the tunnel, which the guard does give, but Parrot decides to go through the bridge instead to save his pearl. Parrot asks the guard where Jumper went, but they don't answer. Parrot hits the guard and hides; the guard slashes Parrot and takes out half his health.

Parrot is taken to the green cell where he reunites with Wifies, where they lament the fact that they couldn't talk with one another without crashing. Parrot gives Wifies a map and finds that someone in the blue cell has a map. Wifies then tells Parrot that, as he was transported, he heard a voice he's never heard before. Parrot tells Wifies about Leo wanting a stasis chamber made using honey, for which they would need saplings, and Wifies informs Parrot that the cells are large enough to spawn wandering traders but that they would still need to figure out how to get emeralds. Parrot opens his map again and finds that the person in the blue cell has written "...---..." (SOS) in their cell. They decide to reply with "EMERALD" (./--/./.-./.-/.-../-..), while the other person has also written "..-/--./---/---/-.." (UGOOD). They decide to leave it up for 5 minutes and go down mining to look for emeralds and find 3. They then resurface and take down the message. A guard then comes to get Parrot while he is in the middle of taking down Wifies' diorite structure. Parrot fails to pearl into the tunnel the first time and had to be given another one. While Parrot is crossing the tunnel, he hears 
eggchan
 ask if there was anybody there and to help him. Parrot tried to listen in on where eggchan was but was made to continue walking by the guard.

Parrot is back in the red cell with Rek and finds out he was the one who sent the code and that Rek has 6 emeralds. They then split up to look for the wandering trader, and Rek gives Parrot 3 emeralds. Parrot doesn't find anything and goes back to get bonemeal. Rek finds the wandering trader in the snow mountain who has a birch sapling trade for 5 emeralds. Parrot trades for one of the saplings and asks Rek if he heard "Wemmbu's friend" in the hallway, which Rek confirms he did, but that he didn't say anything back 'cause he was scared of how rough the guard was. Parrot then explains to Rek about Leo wanting a stasis chamber and that they can make one out of honey. They get a hive tree after the third attempt and attempt to get more. Parrot dives under the river to try to find sand but discovers there aren't any, but Rek informs him that wandering traders trade for sand. They then keep trying to get hive trees. Parrot realizes they'd need sticky pistons but don't know how to obtain slime. Parrot then makes a sign for the next round of prisoners that says, "
Shear trees ∋ turn into bonemea ∋ grow trees ∋ get hives.
" A guard then comes to fetch Rek out of the cell and into the green cell. Parrot sneakily follows Rek and the guard but doesn't cross the line and goes back to the red cell and goes back to the green one. Another guard then comes to fetch Parrot; along the way, he asks who is inside the cells and if he's allowed to go in there. Naturally the guard doesn't answer.

Before arriving at the blue cell, Parrot blocks off the guard with wooden blocks before seeing the diorite Morse code that Rek made and didn't get rid of. Parrot goes to Ken and explains what has happened so far and their plans to get stasis chambers. Ken then realizes that there shouldn't even be emeralds in the cells and that they might not have mined them all, which means they have a chance to get out, but it's still risky. Parrot then relays another problem: he wants to get everyone out, but Jumper is in solitary. Parrot then asks Ken how to get Jumper out, and the only thing Ken can think of is to take full control of the control room. Wemmbu then suddenly appears and asks Parrot if he has the stasis set up. Parrot is confused because it's only been 4 hours at this point; Wemmbu is confused because why would setting up soulsand and water take so long? Parrot then informs him they don't have soulsand. Wemmbu asks if they have redstone; Parrot confirms they do. Wemmbu then asks if they have slime; Parrot confirms they don't and that there's probably some sort of mob switch. Parrot then asks if Wemmbu only has 10 minutes of visitation like Leo did; Wemmbu confirms he does. Ken and Parrot then tell Wemmbu that he came to the prison for nothing. Parrot then asks if Wemmbu expected there to be a stasis chamber set up already, which Wemmbu confirms, to which Parrot says they need at least a couple more hours. Wemmbu then asks what they need; Parrot tells him they need honey and that it's set up in another cell. Wemmbu is confused about there being another cell; Parrot asks him if Leo told him anything at all, to which Wemmbu confirms he didn't. Parrot then explains that there are 3 cells and 6 prisoners and that they are being rotated around. Wemmbu then asks about Egg and Zam; Parrot is confused and asks what he means. Wemmbu explains that there were a lot more people when he was in the prison and asks if there were anybody aside from the 6 people. When Parrot doesn't answer, Wemmbu exclaims that they're wasting time. Parrot then explains that Egg is in a maximum-security solitary confinement chamber. Wemmbu then asks how Leo escaped. Parrot becomes confused and frustrated and asks what Wemmbu was even doing there. Wemmbu then explains that Leo just told him to go there and that they had a stasis chamber set up, that he went through the entire visiting process naked only to find that they've been bumming around and don't even have a stasis chamber set up. Parrot tells him to come back in 6 hours, but Wemmbu tells him that he isn't sure if they'll let him in again 'cause he had to pull some strings to even enter and that they most likely did not want him to be there. Wemmbu then asks why they can't just message him when they have one set up; Parrot tells him to try messaging him right now; Wemmbu crashes, of course. They go to the wooden shack, and Parrot tells Wemmbu how it is, that they're playing with time. Wemmbu interrupts him, saying they don't have time for a yap speech, and asks how much time they need. Parrot tells him 6 hours, and Ken contests the 6-hour claim, saying that he's being optimistic. Parrot then says the 6 hours is only for having the stasis chamber set up, not necessarily for having a plan of escape. Parrot asks Wemmbu if he wants to send a message of any kind to Egg; Wemmbu questions him about that since he's supposedly in solitary confinement, and Parrot explains he can talk to him through the walls. Wemmbu then says to tell Egg, "Keep it pushing, man." Wemmbu then confirms the stasis chamber is getting done in 6 hours, and he gets stasised away. Parrot and Wifies then confirm that not only do they have to build a stasis chamber in 6 hours, but that they have to ensure it doesn't get found within that timeframe. Parrot then decides to destroy the Morse code but gets interrupted when he sees a guard watching him for who knows how long before getting transported. While getting transported, Parrot keeps stopping, and the guard poisons him because of it. Parrot gets down to 1 heart and tells the guard not to hit him anymore.

When Parrot arrives at the green cell, he tells the guard, "You are a sad, miserable little guard." Parrot meets up with Wifies and tells him that the guards may be catching onto them because Rek didn't get rid of their Morse code and 'cause a guard saw the honey farms that they started. Wifies asks Parrot how long solitary confinement takes, 'cause he heard Jumper ramble, "Bro, this guy really made me go into the center for the map," which was 5 hours ago. Parrot then tells Wifies that the voice he heard was Egg's and that Wemmbu was arriving in 5 & 1/2 hours. They then go to look for wandering traders. Wifey finds one, but it didn't have any useful trades. Wifies hits the trader with an axe, assuming it would only get it low only to kill it. Parrot then proposes following Wifies while invis, and Wifies retorts that he'll just get caught when they come to fetch him. Parrot then says he just needs to relay the plan to Jumper. Parrot asks Wifies if he wants to get to the top since he never really saw it, and Wifies agrees. While climbing, Parrot says that he feels like he's lost all sense of time while in the prison, then falls but manages to water clutch. They find another wandering trader (without llamas) on the way back to the staircase that sells 8 sand for 1 emerald; Parrot buys 16 sand before realizing he also sells 1 slimeball for 4 emeralds. Since Parrot only has 2 emeralds left, he and Wifies go looking for emeralds. Parrot and Wifies managed to find 2 emeralds before the trader despawned, so Parrot buys 1 slimeball. Parrot doesn't want to buy anything else from the trader, so they decide to kill him but do so prematurely, preventing an item drop. Since they don't have an invisibility potion, Wifies jokingly proposes that Parrot disguise himself as a crying obsidian. Parrot then wonders if the chunk bans in the tunnels get turned off all at once or one by one; Wifies answers that it's more intuitive for it to be all at once. Parrot then runs down their plan again; Parrot follows Wifies using the crying obsidian skin and then goes in the other tunnel. He then laments that if he gets caught, he'll be put in solitary confinement. A guard then arrives to fetch Wifies, and Parrot follows them.

After Wifies and the guard enter the tunnel, Parrot puts on the crying obsidian skin and sneakily follows them, crouching and staying at the side when another guard passes by. Once the guard passes by, Parrot sprints towards the blue cell and builds up into the other tunnel toward the red cell, removing his obsidian skin halfway through. He then talks to Jumper through the floor and informs her that they found a way out; Jumper then asks if they can take her out first. Parrot then says that he thought she'd be let out in 30 minutes, and Jumper cries that she's been there for 6 or 7 hours. Parrot asks Jumper if she still has the map, and she confirms that she does and has been reading the Morse code. Parrot then says that they've found someone who can sneak contraband into the prison and that they're going to break into the control room to free her with the signal being ".../---/..." (SOS), which she can read through her map. Parrot then informs Jumper that they're not going to leave anybody behind and guesses that the netherite block will open when they get to the control room and that she can swim up using the water above the cell, which Jumper forgot about. Parrot then wonders if he's trapped because the two sides have chunkbans on them before a guard arrives who slashes and poisons him, then backs him towards the blue cell as Jumper says the code aloud, to which Parrot tells her to shut up. The guard then leads him into a solitary confinement cell located between the blue and green cells. Parrot heals himself with watermelons, then confirms that the calibrated sculk sensor strength is 12, meaning he can't make any sound aside from eating, walking, and jumping. He then looks at the map where he sees someone write the following code: "..../---/-././-.--" (HONEY). Parrot then paces around singing "10,000 Bottles of Water on the Wall, then humming, then calling out to see if there was anybody outside his cell, then says that he feels so bad for Jumper, then staring at the lava, then spinning his compass. Eventually a guard opens his cell and splashes him with poison, who he repeatedly tells not to hit him, before leading him into the blue cell.

When Parrot arrives, the guard drops a rotten flesh for him, to which Parrot says, "Ok, bro, you're real funny." Parrot goes down to eat the rotten flesh, then meets with Derapchu. Parrot then asks Derapchu if he's been in the red cell recently, and Derapchu says yes. Parrot then asks how much honey he's seen there, and Derapchu answers that he hasn't seen any honey but has seen 20 hive trees. Parrot then asks Derapchu if he's seen Jumper, and Derapchu says he's only seen her once, which Parrot concludes means she's still in solitary. Derapchu then remarks that he hasn't been in solitary yet, and Parrot says that it's horrible and that it's exactly how Ken described it. Derapchu then expresses that he hates Ken and that he's been saying things such as, "I think we should stay in this prison; I think it's better for all of us; we're going to protect each other, etc." Parrot asked him why Ken would say that, and Derapchu said he didn't say why, just kept mumbling about how they should stay inside the prison. Parrot then pointed out how Ken said that he didn't mind the prison earlier, which Parrot and Derapchu disagree with. Derapchu and Parrot climb to build height, and Derapchu comments that the prison is pretty; Parrot asks if he would call it cozy, though, and Derapchu says no. Parrot the comments on how Ken is living inside his own creation. Parrot then says that they're very close to getting out of the prison. Derapchu was about to say something then fell down. Parrot says that the prison is not cozy, but it is peaceful, but that it's sad in there. Derapchu then says no mobs ever spawn, Parrot then says that they can only see each other for 1 hour every 6, misbehaving gets you in solitary confinement, and that it's actually a horrible way to live now that he thinks about it. Derapchu then comments that Ken is a weird guy for thinking it's cozy. Parrot and Derapchu go down, and Parrot promises that all 6 of them will get out. Parrot then tames a horse, which a guard kills before he is taken to the blue cell.

When Parrot arrives at the red cell, he tells the guard, "Have a great day, and thank you for killing my horse. I appreciate it." He then kills a chicken with a flint and steel and eats it. He then goes to the honey farm and sees all the prepared hives. He then meets up with Rek and shows him the glass they managed to brew with the sand they bought. Parrot makes some bottles and gathers honey but gets one from one without a campfire and gets chased around by some bees while he gathers honey. Rek deaggros the bees with a flower while saying, "Bees, I got a flowerrrr. Don't attack Parroooot; he's a bird. He's a flying thing just like you. You can relate on some level; don't sting him." Parrot asks Rek what he's been up to, and Rek answers he's just been getting food and iron. He then tells Rek that someone wrote "HONEY" in the green cell while he was in solitary. He then shows Rek the slimeball he got and tells him that he got it from a wandering trader. Parrot crafts a sticky piston. Rek comments that the guards are weird for just letting them do things and wonders if they're just so confident in the prison. He then says, to be fair, they're using a stasis to smuggle someone in. Parrot then mentions that a guard saw him writing Morse. Rek asks if their first priority is to meet up with Derapchu, Jumper, and Egg. Parrot says that Jumper is still in solitary and that their first priority would be getting the contraband 'cause they would be able to do so much more when they get it. Parrot comments he feels like Winnie the Pooh 'cause of how much honey he's been getting from the farms. Parrot tells Rek that Derapchu told him that Ken wanted to stay inside the prison. Rek becomes confused and asks him why; Parrot then says he's going to ask him the next time he sees him. Rek then rationalizes that there has to be a reason why he wants to stay. Rek asks Parrot what he's going to do when he gets out; Parrot answers that he's going to stare at the sky, look at nature, and appreciate nature. Parrot then asks Rek what he's going to do; Rek answers that he's going to hang out with some friends, fly around with an elytra, go to the Nether, do all the things he can't do, and go to a faraway place to speedrun the game. Parrot continues to gather honey until nighttime arrives. They then try to figure out how to do the clock for the stasis chamber. They move the chamber a few blocks underground so the guards can't see them while they figure things out. When day arrives, Parrot goes out so he can witness the moment all the bees pop out, then continues gathering honey. They then decide to test the stasis chamber, but both fail. Parrot sees a guard arriving and tells Rek to grab the stasis chamber. When the guard arrives, they TNT and set fire to the entire honey farm but miss 1 hive and 3 bees. When the guard leaves, Parrot tells Rek to give him the chamber parts. A guard then comes back and blows up the remaining hive. A guard arrives while Parrot is farming wheat and tramples one of the plots. On the way to the tunnel, Parrot asks if they want to talk about what the guards just did or if they want to be silent like always; unsurprisingly, it's the latter. While in the tunnel he asks the guard if they can have their bee hives back but is interrupted by Egg. Parrot tells Egg that Wemmbu came to visit them and that he wants Egg to swim up the moment the ancient debris opens up. Egg agrees and says, "Free eggchan," while the guard keeps punching Parrot to keep going. As they cross the threshold to the green cell, Parrot goes back and tells Egg that Wemmbu told him to tell Egg, "Keep pushing." The guard peels back to the cell and hits Parrot with a pickaxe to make him keep going until they arrive at the green cell.

When Parrot arrives at the green cell, he finds a new bridge and goes to meet up with Ken. Ken asks Parrot how his progress on the escape plan is, and Parrot gives him the chamber parts and asks him where he wants to build it and to build it quickly since they don't know when Wemmbu is coming. Ken suggests finding a cave below y0. Parrot asks if they need an anvil, and Ken confirms it and tells him that he almost has enough iron. While going down Parrot and Wifies' emerald mine, Parrot asks Ken if it's true what Derapchu said, that Ken would rather stay in the prison than escape it. Ken confirms it, saying that they have some good accommodations and that it's safe in the prison and that he's having fun. Parrot replies that it makes no sense; Ken asks what part of it, and Parrot asks how he can be happy in the prison. Ken asks if there's anything making Parrot unhappy; Parrot replies that he can't do anything, that he can't build anything without the possibility of it being destroyed. Parrot then tells Ken that the bee farm got destroyed, and Ken replies maybe it's because he was making bee hives; Parrot confirms, and Ken says, "Well, there's your problem." Ken digs into some sculk and asks if it's a good place, and Parrot confirms but then goes to get some coal. While going up, Ken says he has a better place but that he'll show it to Parrot when he comes back. Parrot goes to the new place Ken found and asks Ken if he's really happy in the prison, and Ken replies that he's fine. Parrot then asks Ken why he's helping them escape; Ken hesitates and says that it's fun and that he'll think about it. Ken then says that he handed him a bunch of honey and told him an escape plan and that he's not just gonna steal it from him. Ken then builds the chamber, and they get to testing it. Ken asks Parrot how many pearls he has, and Parrot says he only has 2. Ken then suggests Parrot use snowballs, but he doesn't have any, so they go up to get some. On the way up, Parrot suggests that Wifies can keep throwing snowballs until he finds the correct place, and then he can use a pearl, and Ken agrees it's a good idea. When they surface, Wifies asks if the green cell even has snow; they realize that it was the red cell that has it. Ken then suggests eggs, so they go to breed some chickens. While waiting for the chickens to breed, Parrot spots Wemmbu falling from the ceiling, and they head towards him. Parrot grabs the eggs while Ken leads Wemmbu to the chamber. Ken forgot where the mine was, but they managed to find it soon enough. They had a bit of trouble finding the chamber, and while looking for it, Parrot asks Wemmbu how much time he has left. Wemmbu answers he walked around for a bit, so a couple of minutes.

When they arrive, Wemmbu comments how he can see it's going to take some timing, and Parrot explains how it works while demonstrating using eggs since he brought 10 eggs and they only have 3 pearls. Parrot then tells Ken that the block the anvil is on should be made of honey. Wemmbu burns through all the 8 remaining eggs, the last one hatching a chicken, and 1 pearl. Parrot then explains where to aim, and Wemmbu tries again but fails. Parrot explains how to aim again in more detail while Ken comments that it's superstitious, but he should go for it. Wemmbu does go for it, and he finally gets it while Parrot celebrates. Parrot then asks Wemmbu what he's bringing in; Wemmbu replies that he's bringing everything. Ken takes out a TNT block, and Parrot asks what he's doing. Parrot then punches Ken, and Ken retracts the TNT. Parrot again asks what Wemmbu's bringing, and Wemmbu confirms he's bringing ender chests and shulkers full of gear that he had stashed thanks to a war. While Wemmbu lists specific items, Ken removes all the honey blocks in the stasis chamber. The chamber is still working with only the sticky piston left, so Parrot and Wifies just move on from it, but Parrot keeps an eye on Ken the whole time they discuss what items to bring. Ken then holds dirt while saying sorry, so Parrot punches him away from the chamber and blocks him off with birch wood. Ken then relays that he has conflicting feelings, and Wemmbu asks if they're doing a betrayal arc right now. Ken clarifies that he has no ill intentions and to stop. Ken promises he won't do anything, and Wemmbu tells Parrot to give him blocks. Parrot crafts birch planks and gives some to Wemmbu. Ken is then freed, and Parrot asks if he understands the alternative to breaking free, and Ken replies that it's fine and that it's a pleasant life. Parrot replies it's not, and Ken asks who's complaining but backpedals and says don't answer that. while Wemmbu says that they can escape while Ken can stay in the prison all by herself. Parrot says that this is their way out, and Ken retorts that it's not and that he doesn't know the prison like he does. Wemmbu asks Ken if he'd rather take this opportunity away from them. Parrot then argues that he doesn't care that there's only a 3% chance of them succeeding, that he'd rather die trying than get stuck in the prison being unable to do anything and getting put in solitary every time they break the rules. Ken retorts, Just don't break the rules. Ken then reveals he knows a better honey chamber design but figured if they messed up, they'd give up. Parrot then asks if he wasn't expecting them to make that 3rd pearl; Ken confirms that he didn't but that he was impressed. Parrot then asks Ken to be honest with them and asks if Ken has been sabotaging them; Ken denies. Parrot then asks why he sabotaged at the last moment, and Ken replies he's not praying for their downfall; Parrot retorts that he is, and Ken retorts that he just thinks they're being reckless. Parrot then says that Wemmbu is going to be bringing as much contraband as he can and coming back to get them out and what he's going to do about it. Ken asks Parrot if he remembered what he specifically said at the beginning, "Stay safe." Parrot asks what that means, and Wemmbu attacks Ken with a wooden sword but gets stasised away. Parrot then says that he's putting his life on the line, that he can't stop him, but he's asking him to think about what he's doing. That if he breaks the stasis, they'll be stuck in the prison forever, Ken says he doesn't want to. Ken asks Parrot to promise him that he knows what he's doing. Parrot says he'll promise to if he promises not to break the stasis, that it's their only way out, Ken says, "Fine."

As they leave the cave and Parrot asks Ken if he realizes he could've died there, Ken asks what he means, and Parrot says that Wemmbu tried to kill him. Ken silently says, "Yeah." Parrot tells Ken that he's pulling the stasis the moment he gets rotated in. Parrot then says that he doesn't have a deadset plan on how to get out. Ken asks Parrot to give him a step-by-step of Parrot's plan; he asks what Parrot is planning to do after they get the contraband. Parrot replies that they're going to go to everybody else's cell to distribute the contraband. Ken asks what they're going to do after that; Parrot replies they're going to have to figure it out, but that the point is that they don't have time because the guards know they're communicating. Ken asks Parrot if he thinks it's easy escaping prisons from the inside, that she's not trying to put herself on a pedestal, just that Parrot sounds naive. Parrot then says that hope keeps him going too, which Ken scoffs about. Parrot then asks Ken what he could be doing instead of being in the prison, that the prison is just a mirage and that's why they need to get out. Ken then agrees that he doesn't think about getting out; it's just that he tries not to. Parrot then says that he doesn't know if Ken was contemplating sabotaging 'cause he wants to stay, but that at some point they're gonna need him, that he's gonna need him to promise to help them 'cause they genuinely can't get out without him. Ken then says that whether or not he sabotages, which he wouldn't 'cause it's too late and it would be to his detriment, that he's always had their best interest in mind even if they disagreed, that he's on their side. Parrot asks what Ken thinks are the chances of them pulling the escape off; Ken answers that it depends on a lot. Parrot says that anything's possible if you put your mind to it; Ken retorts that it's really not. Ken says that he'll put his mind to it but that it's not an easy puzzle to solve because he doesn't know the guard's rotations. Parrot then spots a guard and starts talking about having an egg on a croissant for breakfast or possibly a smoked salmon on a bagel. He then asks the guard if they want a smoked salmon bagel while hitting them; the guard nods. Parrot remarks that even the guards and prisoners have some stuff in common. Parrot then jokes that this might be one of the last times they'll be seeing each other, which made the guard stare at him. Parrot backpedals by saying he's just kidding and that they'll be seeing each other every hour. Parrot looks for Egg while crossing the tunnel but finds the cell empty and open. The guard keeps hitting him to get him going, but Parrot goes inside the cell to check it out. When Parrot resurfaces, the guard splashes him with poison.

Parrot then heads to the blue cell and meets with Wifies. Parrot tells Wifies they need to talk about something important, leading him up the build height waterfall. Wifies says, Alright, no rush, but Parrot says that they don't. Parrot asks Wifies if he remembers the first time they went up there and how they didn't have anything except hope; Wifies says that they still have it; Parrot says they've always had it. Parrot tells Wifies the next time Parrot gets put in the green cell, they're breaking out; Wifies asks if the plan's ready, and Parrot confirms it. Parrot and Wifies go to the middle so nobody can hear them. Parrot tells Wifies about their plan, and Wifies asks Parrot how they're going to get to the command room, to which Parrot answers that they'll be using pearls. Wifies asks about Egg, and Parrot tells him that Egg wasn't there. Wifies wonders if the guards would filter Egg in with them. Wifies asks if they'd be doing this in rotations, and Parrot denies it, saying they'll be doing it all in one sweep. Wifey's remarks that they would only have one chance realistically, and if they fail, they'd be sent to solitary. Wifies asks Parrot if he wants better armor; Parrot says he's fine. Wifies asks Parrot if there's anything else he'd like to do before they get out, and Parrot asks what they haven't done yet, and Wifies lists out some possibilities, like building what they can with the 4 limited blocks they have. Parrot decides to lead Wifies into the wooden shack and places down a cobblestone in between them and gives Wifies 1 of the 2 remaining honey bottles he has, which they then drink together. Wifies comments, "Not bad, locally sourced!" and Parrot replies, "Exactly. Fine prison honey," and Wifies comments back, "That's about as fresh as it gets." Wifies asks how many cycles it's been since Wemmbu set his stasis, and Parrot tells him to shut up 'cause he saw a guard heading their way. Parrot tells Wifies that if they're coming for him, they'll be seeing each other very, very soon. Wifies replies he'll be waiting. The guard did go for Parrot, and he asks them where they put Egg and sees his former cell still empty.

Parrot arrives at the green cell and tells Rek that they're going to go activate the stasis. Rek asks if anybody saw, and Parrot replies he doesn't think so. On the way to the chamber they see Ken and meet up with him. Parrot questions why they put 3 people in a cell, and Rek tells him to just roll with it and that they'll use it to their advantage. Ken leads them to the mine, which was still exposed, but Ken figures it's fine. Parrot asks if they should do a victory speech, but Rek argues they don't have much time. Parrot then says they have an hour before they actually catch on to them. When they get in the chamber cave, Parrot says he doesn't know why there are 3 of them in a cell and how they ended up here; Ken asks if he can do the honors, and Parrot replies it's all hers. Ken deactivates the stasis, which teleports Wemmbu over. Wemmbu places an ender chest, and the three of them immediately start gearing themselves while Wemmbu asks if it's escaping time. In the commotion, Wemmbu wasn't heard, and he commented, "Okay, everyone is ignoring me." Parrot confirms that it was escaping time. Wemmbu comments he has shulkers for them, one of which contains nothing but copies of the guards' shields. Parrot tells them to bring 2 each. Wemmbu says that he has 10 shulkers of Ken's escape kits and asks if he wants one; Ken replies that he has his own. Parrot doesn't have a kit, so he asks Rek for one. Wemmbu asks Parrot where Egg is; Parrot tells him bad news that Egg wasn't in the same solitary chamber he was in before, which means he got transferred somewhere. Wemmbu says that he'll just go look for him then while they're gearing. Before leaving, Wemmbu gives them several eggs. Ken asks if they're ready, and Parrot confirms that he is; Rek also confirms he's ready but that he doesn't know what they're doing. Ken replies that's his problem. They have a bit of trouble getting out at first but manage it. Rek asks how they're getting past the chunk bans, and Parrot says he'll show Rek. Parrot comments on how good it feels to have the gear they have inside a prison, and Rek shares the same feeling, adding that the guards are about to regret putting them there. As they're getting out, Ken comments that he may know Parrot's plan. Parrot asks if they both have pearls and rockets, which they both confirm. He then tells them to follow him right before the chunkban and then explains his plan of flying to the other side as fast as they can in an upward direction, then pearling to the outside before dropping straight down. All three of them manage to get out, and then they head out to distribute the contraband.

They first head to the red cell where Derapchu and Wifies are. Rek asks Derapchu if he needed gear, and Derapchu says yes, so Rek gave him 2 shulkers. Parrot asks if Jumper is still in solitude, but nobody answers him. Rek asks if they're heading to the blue cell next, and Ken confirms it. Parrot then says that nobody is in blue since all 5 of them are there with only Jumper remaining, who's in solitary. Ken asks why they wouldn't want anyone in blue, and Parrot replies that he doesn't know and comments that it's really strange. Rek comments that it's all super sus. Wifies says that it doesn't matter, while Rek comments that they just need to keep moving. They then head to one of the platforms, and Parrot explains again how to go past the chunkban. They all manage to get out, and Parrot explains they need to go to the control room. Ken explains the layout of the control room. Parrot asks if it's just a lever to deactivate the chambers, and Ken confirms it but says that they have to make sure that they don't activate one of the force lockdowns. Parrot asks what the chances are that the guards are inside; Ken replies that it's guaranteed. Parrot then realizes that they can pretend to be the guards using invis. Rek brings out a shulker full of 3-min invis potions for them to use. Ken asks what their plan is and asks whether the guards would be invis as well or not. Parrot replies that they probably just stay invis. Ken then asks if the plan is to just flick the lever inconspicuously; Parrot replies they can try. Ken asks, What if it doesn't work, then what? Parrot replies, They'd be cooked. Wifies asks Ken if the lever is on or off to free them; Ken says there should be signs that indicate it. Ken then explains that the middle area filled with nothing but air is free of chunk bans. Derapchu remains in the blue cell to wait for Jumper while the rest head to one of the ice bridges. Parrot then tells them no talking and no elytra as they head towards the tower.

When they get inside one of the control rooms, 
Spongs
 greets them, but they remain silent but greet crouch him. Parrot goes up a floor and presses the buttons to open the chambers but gets interrupted by two of the guards who ask him if he's there to take over their shift. Parrot nods, then goes back to pressing the buttons. The guards then try to stop him, and then Parrot proceeds to break things. Parrot goes down several floors and flips the levers that open the chambers before checking the map to see if Jumper is out. The guards arrive and start attacking Parrot just as he announces that Jumper's out and asks for help. Rek then points out that he's invis, and Parrot realizes he can just blend in. The guards run out of invis as they're fighting, and Parrot asks what it's like to be a guard. Spongs replies that it's really sad and lonely and that he's glad they're there 'cause it's some excitement. 
Rejoicin
 asks why they want to escape; the prisoners laugh, baffled, and ask what he means by why they want to escape. Rejoicin(?) says they make it so nice for them, and Spongs exclaims they have it good there. Parrot then tells them all to head up top, where they continue fighting. Parrot then tells them to go down again, where they keep fighting. Due to the multiple invis players, there is a lot of confusion and hesitance on who to hit. Parrot sneaks out of the fight and heads outside and messages the others to go to the red cell. He then heads to the blue cell and sees Derapchu, who is AFK, then realizes he's in the wrong cell. He then heads to the red cell and sees Wifies, Ken, and Jumper and puts out an ender chest. Parrot asks where Rek is; Ken then tells Parrot how he hates his incompetence and recklessness. Ken tells them how he manually disabled the lockdowns just as Rek arrived. Parrot tells them the bad news that Derapchu is out of the question and that they should just build "this thing." Parrot asks if Jumper needs gear, and Jumper confirms it. Rek offers her a shulker of Ken's escape kit. Parrot asks Jumper if she has an elytra, and Jumper denies it. Parrot then asks the others if they have any, which they don't, with Rek having used his backups for decoration before they got imprisoned. Parrot then says that he'll double up with Jumper by dropping his elytra after throwing a pearl but then realizes he needs to stay behind to demonstrate to Jumper how to do it. Ken offers to do the doubling up instead and goes first in order to do it. 

Eventually, they find that they have a total of two elytra between them, and they reach the place that would allow them to leave. After building the platform, they all take turns using the two elytra and dropping them. However, one elytra is caught in a chunk ban and the guards had caught up to them at that point. At last, it is down to Ken and Parrot. Ken insists that Parrot should have it, but Parrot tells him that he made a promise to get them all out. After a frantic back-and-forth argument, Parrot finally agrees reluctantly, and he leaves the prison, meeting up with the others in front of a 'WELCOME HOME' sign that they built out of obsidian. When the others ask, Parrot tells them that 'he is still trapped in there because... that's all he wanted'. After leaving the region of Proton, they mope around about Ken's fate, until Parrot suddenly realises that Ken would be able to send morse code to them. The message reaads 'EPSC base', which refers to a stasis he set in his base. The video ends as Parrot activates it. 

Thumbnail

Like 
Wemmbu's
 thumbnail, 
Parrot
 (left) is also depicted with a diamond pickaxe, but not crouching. He is looking at a big building, with glowing blue, red, green (middle to right respectively) objects inside them.