The 
Fake Identity Arc
 is the third Wemmbu arc in Unstable Universe Season 2, and the arc directly preceding the 
Kings Arc
.

Story

Bored with the server, 
Wemmbu
 decides to fake his death and take on a new identity. He heads to 
Capital City 2.0
, the biggest current civilization, and joins the guard force there. While on guard, 
Boosfer
 kills a random player, so Wemmbu fights him, accidentally breaking a treaty between Boosfer's group of bandits and Capital City. The guard force fights the bandits, and Wemmbu is forced to use his mace against Boosfer, scaring off the bandits. He pursues them to their base and reveals his identity, killing everyone but Boosfer and 
Boomie
, whom he resolves to hunt down.

Wemmbu joins up with 
Jaden MAN
, who's going on an expedition to the 
Great Sea
, which Boosfer mentioned. They fight the 
Ocean Rangers
, then head off to an island, then fight them again and get captured. Wemmbu manages to get them both out, though, and they manage to find Boomie. However, 
ParrotX2
 saves Boomie, forcing Wemmbu to follow them across the ocean until they finally stop. He kills Boomie and leaves, returning to Jaden. They go to the Ocean Rangers' base, where Wemmbu duels LobsterMan, their leader, and kills him, revealing his name. He makes Jaden promise not to tell anyone, then flies of to hunt Boosfer.

Wemmbu visits the End, and Egg tells him Boosfer's teamed with Flame now. Wemmbu also meets 
Salvationism
 again, the guard captain from Capital City. They put together a group to try and kill Boosfer, but fail. Salvationism decides to build a massive void trap, which fails to kill Boosfer or Flame. He and the entire guard force die in the resulting battle, but Wemmbu convinces Flame to help him kill Boosfer. Boosfer escapes through a Nether portal, and Wemmbu follows him.

On the other side is a void trap, and they both fall through. Instead of dying, though, they land in a mysterious world and are separated. Wemmbu finds a tower and brews potions, then gets attacked by some of the world's inhabitants. He and Boosfer are both imprisoned, but Wemmbu convinces Boosfer to give him his mace and a couple ender pearls, which he uses to kill the guard and escape. They head for the void hole, but the other players are already there guarding it. Boosfer gets through and is able to gear up Wemmbu, who kills three more people before they escape. He returns Boosfer's mace and promises to spare him if Boosfer never reveals his identity.

Wemmbu is accused of crimes he didn’t commit, and learns someone is impersonating him. He visits Egg and warns him, then visits Boosfer and finds the impostor already there. They fight but escape. Wemmbu learns a trial is being held in Capital City, and attends. He gets trapped with mining fatigue and fights two impostors, popping their totems to reveal Parrot and 
TheobaldTheBird
. Despite their best efforts, though, Wemmbu escapes.

Parrot and Theo show up, and Wemmbu chases them down a tunnel before being trapped in 
BAT Headquarters
. He fights Theo while trying to escape, and forces Parrot to use his escape method before escaping himself. Theo follows him, and they fight around the destroyed base before Wemmbu finally runs out of equipment and uses BAT's pearl cannon. However, Parrot planned for that, and now Wemmbu is trapped again. Parrot explains that he was hired by Flame to do this, and Flame shows up. While trying to escape, Wemmbu reveals his identity. He knocks Parrot into the void and attacks Flame.

Wemmbu and Flame fight until 
The Law
 show up. They escape and alternate between fighting each other and the Law, which keeps following them, before finally escaping and gearing up at Flame’s base. They attack 
LettuceK
 in 
Law City
, and Wemmbu proposes a fight between them and every single Law member, to which Lettuce agrees. Flame and Wemmbu get actually geared up, with EXP and potions, then head off to fight Lettuce’s army. Lettuce brings a thousand players, and Flame and Wemmbu fight and kill every single one of them, including one skilled mace wielder. They have one final battle, and Wemmbu gives up his title as the strongest player to Flame, then throws away the extra mace he got. Lettuce picks it up and threatens Wemmbu, who's almost out of gear. This leads directly into 
The Kings Arc
.

Gallery