Fantst
 is a reoccurring character featured in 
Unstable Universe
. He was a minor protagonist in 
Season 1
 and an antagonist and supporting character in 
Season 2
 in 
Wemmbu
's episodes.

History

Fantst is hired to be a guard of one of 
The Wonders

The Wonder Fantst is guarding is destroyed.

Fantst is convinced to not let Parrot fire his 
Orbital Strike Cannon
. Fantst later agrees to team with Parrot to build a new orbital cannon to stop Spoke’s orbital cannon from destroying the Frosted Palace Wonder.

Mapicc
, 
Arcn
, 
Only_A_Squid
, 
Sharooh
, and Fantst, all teamed with 
SpokeIsHere
 find a looted trial chamber. Mapicc finds 
Wemmbu
 and 
PrinceZam
, and a fight breaks out. Wemmbu and PrinceZam make it to the surface, and Wemmbu starts killing the team with a mace. They all escape using stasis chambers.

Wemmbu and PrinceZam use an exploit with TNT and an arrow to find Fantst and Sharooh. Fantst runs away.

Wemmbu and PrinceZam find an obsidian box, and inside is Mapicc. Spoke and his teammates come in, including Fantst, and they start to fight Wemmbu and PrinceZam. They almost kill PrinceZam, breaking all of his armor, but they all run away and escape using a stasis chamber after PrinceZam holds a chunk ban, which they’re afraid of.

Wemmbu and PrinceZam find an underwater base. Inside they find Sharkilz_ and Fantst. They chunk ban Fantst and Sharkilz_.

Parrot and 
Rekrap2
 destroy the chunk ban that Fantst is in.

Fantst chunk bans himself again.

Fantst is un-chunk banned by Wemmbu and joins 
his civilization
. Eventually the civilization is destroyed.

Fantst joins 
The End Civilization
. The civilization is later taken over by 
The Invisible Mafia
.

Fantst joins the 
Far Lands Civilization
 as a warrior. The civilization was later destroyed by 
The Invisible Mafia
.

Season 2

Fantst takes over the 
Ice Mountain Civilization
. He implants a bomb in the civilization. Fantst eventually blows up the entire base despite Wemmbu and 
loppezz
's attempts to stop him. Wemmbu tries to kill Fantst but fails as he runs away.

Fantst and Baablu try to duplicate ender dragons to destroy 
Spawn
 after Baablu convinces Wemmbu to revive the ender dragon while Wemmbu tries to get elytras to trade with people for items. Wemmbu and Minutetech try to kill Fantst but he runs away again.

Fantst, Baablu, Sharpness and a bunch of Wemmbu's other enemies chase Wemmbu down in the fartherlands.

Fantst is trapped in LettuceK’s prison with 
Baablu
, 
Wemmbu
, 
PrinceZam
, and Blurpinstein. He attempts to make an escape, success is unknown.

Navigation