Contents

1
 
Intro

2
 
Getting Lost

3
 
The Life

4
 
List of Farland Zombies

4.1
 
BaguetteBattler8

4.2
 
Burgle5

Intro

 
 
 
 
 

The Farlands is located 12 millon blocks from 
Spawn
 and is a weird terrain glitch that basically changes the world around it. But with it comes a problem. Back in the servers old days, the Farlands was not known to exist until players, trying to reach what should have ben the world border, found IT instead. The weird part about this is that the game did not get laggy as they pressed on with their exploration. They entered, explored and exited, bringing the news to everyone they met. 

Getting Lost

As news spread many players went to the farlands to colonize. The great part about this was that, since the farlands were so far away, no griefers would try to bomb it. Many people went to build there to build their homes. Houses were built, towns were made, but then, players got too adventurous. They went too far and they lost track of how to get back. Since the debug menu for seeing coordinates was not working, as we saw in 
Wemmbu
's POV, people could not figure out how to get back, nor did they have the resources required to. They were stuck in a land with dangerous terrain and a glitchy atmosphere, thus becoming the infamous "Farland Zombies"*. 

 
 
 
 
Farlands Zombie BaguetteBattler8 (right) next to his house
 
 

The Life

Because of the size of the farlands, it is almost impossible to find another player. Most zombies only see a player rarely, and most of the time it's just a random explorer who does not care about the zombie. Zombies usually live in cheap houses with little-to-no interior design. They survive only on farms they tend, for their sustenance. Usually, the farms are growing carrots or potatoes as they serve enough hunger points to survive. Items like netherite and 
Maces
 are one of the hardest items to obtain on the SMP, but in the farlands, a single diamond is worth more. The Farlands is a place where the 
needs
 are way more expensive and hard to find than the 
wants
. A Zombie has almost no hope of escaping unless someone helps them do so.  

List of Farland Zombies

BaguetteBattler8

Wemmbu found BaguetteBattler8 in "
I Explored Beyond the Minecraft Farlands
" when he was trying to retrieve one of his maces from 
Conexion
. This was when he confirmed that Farland Zombies were real. 

Burgle5

Wemmbu found Burgle5 in the video "
I Explored Beyond the Minecraft Fartherlands
". They was found in the ice spikes mega biome, and was actually an echo, a ghost player that has past.