It was always going to end like this...
— 
SpokeIsHere

Finding 1000 Players Who Went Missing
 is the 130th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

Spoke
 recaps his previous episode where he went to the 
Farlands
, where it is rumored that thousands of players disappeared and was waiting to be found. If they wanted to bring the server back to peace, he'd have to act fast, as well as avoiding the people who've been behind all of this: 
NULL
. When Spoke, 
Mapicc
, and 
JumperWho
 found the deepest part of the Farlands, instead of finding the missing players, they found 
JamatoP
, who was behind it all.

The episode starts with Mapicc wondering how Jamato is still alive, Jamato brushs it off says that that's what 
he
 wanted them to belive but there's a bigger problem at hand, being NULL and the players. Spoke thinks to himself that Jamato returning felt off and it wasn't a coincidence. Jamato gives the three of them a shulker box with some gear, in one of the slots has a book with Spoke's name on it signed by Jamato. Spoke opens the book and it tells him that he'll never find the players and that Mapicc and Jumper will turn on him, and that if he tries anything, Jamato would reveal everything and put an end to it all. Jamato had blackmailed Spoke, he's unsure to why Jamato would do such a thing. However, the book was signed by Jamato, which would be his biggest mistake.

The four of them reach the exit, Spoke stalls and tries to get Jamato to go up first while Spoke gives them the book. Jamato "accidentally" picks up the book and gives it back to them. Mapicc reads it and says they got the same book, Spoke opens it back up and the contents of it changed, now saying to enjoy the kit and to stay safe. Spoke burns the book and heads up with them, as he goes up the steps, he picks up another book named "
Spoke_Log_Full
", in which Jamato had been keeping track of Spoke the entire time since he joined the server. Spoke knows Jamato is trying to use his past against him, and if his real intentions were to lead them away, he'd have to sabotage Jamato's plans. He burns that book too then speaks up and says they should look where they came from if they spent all that time going down, Jumper agrees and asks why they're going up, and Jamato says they're moving forward.  

When they get out of the stairway system, new terrain of terricotta spike-like terrain with bridges built across each from each other, and hundreds of villager houses cover the floor appear right before their eyes. Mapicc asks what bridge they should take, Jamato says NULL occupies most of the Nether and has thousands of players, so they can't take them all in a fight, but that they can't find the missing players without finding NULL. Jamato offers to take them to a secret back way to find the players. Spoke intervenes and says they can't take down NULL with just the four of them and that they should head towards the opposite direction to find more rebel groups to help them. Jamato says the numbers don't mean anything and that they're not going to fight, he then asks if Spoke doesn't trust him. Jumper jumps in and is on Jamato's side, believing they're getting closer. Spoke says it'll take time, but if this is their only hope, then he isn't willing to take that chance and decides to head north by himself. Mapicc is onboard, Jumper sounds unsure, and Jamato agrees to go with whatever plan Spoke has, telling him he's making a mistake under his breath. 

Spoke was curious to see what Jamato was willing to do to turn them back, but just as he has that thought, a Nether portal appears on the pillar right in front of them. They water downwards and try to keep heading north, more portals appear, which makes Spoke blow the bridges up to dodge them. The 
Null hunters
 chase after them and they're forced to fight them or knock them down. Although Jumper and Jamato thinks it's risky to keep going north, Spoke decides to keep on going and head towards the hunters and fight. They fend off the hunters and Spoke breaks their portal, Spoke starts bridging towards a new pillar as the Null hunters wait on top for them. Spoke pearls onto a bridge nearby, the hunters catch up and get him down to half a heart. The other three kill off a few more hunters, giving some time to traverse. More hunters show up, Spoke and Mapicc use knockback swords to knock the hunters off and kill them. 

Eventually, they find a new biome and they bridge towards it. As they enter Jamato tells them it's still not too late to turn back, they don't have to cross back on the bridges, but they need to head the right way. Mapicc says he recognizes this group because Revenant says a rainbow forest has a group of stacked players. Mapicc asks Jamato if he's been around here, in which he says he hasn't. Spoke is uncertain what Jamato even wants, one moment he uses his group to turn them back and the next he's okay with just following them. Little did both of them know, they were headed towards a trap. They go deeper into the biome and find a player towering up a tree, Mapicc wind charges him off and they clutch. They try to ask the player, chromesanctuary, questions, but they appear to not have a mic and they start running; they follow. A piston fall trap gets pulled, and Chrome asks what they're doing in their biome. Spoke tries to convince them they're good and that they're trying to work with them. Chrome doesn't believe him when he has full netherite and a Null shield. He then says they'll let them talk to their leader, and Spoke says he can try and explain what they're trying to do with the leader. Jamato says they'll take off their gear in order for to gain the Rainbow Forest's group's trust. The players let them out and lead them back to the surface, Spoke tries to tell them he's trying to save them, but Chrome says they love the Farlands and getting rich. They reach the leader of the group, DylPickle, who welcomes them to Pickletopia. He makes his group give them space and asks what they're here for. Jumper says they were taken by force, but asks for any gear if he has any, which he says all their gear is taken up. Chrome asks why he was willing to give them gear, and DylPickle tells him he sees they're good people by their vibes and puts Chrome in a cage. He says all the gear here is taken up, but there's a secret place with gear that he forgot where it was located, and so he gives Spoke a lodestone compass that leads to it.

They begin their adventure towards the stash, Spoke suggests getting the gear and coming back to camp to gather them all together to head into the Nether. Spoke mutes in-game and talks to himself, he questions what Jamato is trying to do and tries to figure out what his next play is. They reach a new biome, a red sand desert with fast ravagers spawning. As they go deeper in the biome, more and more ravagers spawn, their armor begins to break, so they tower up. They come up with the idea to use lava to kill the ravagers, which works wonderfully, and so they set off to find the stash. The compass starts to loop around, Spoke digs around while the other three distract the ravagers. He finds a ladder going downwards and goes down to see what it is first, he finds diamonds, golden apples, and enchanted books, and so he goes up to tell the rest of them to come down with him. As they go back down, the whole stash is cleared, no chests or ore blocks left. Spoke digs into the walls to see if there's anything else and discovers a tunnel behind one of the paintings. They follow down it and spot the Null hunters, who had just robbed them. They follow and dig to the hunters and begin attacking them. Eventually a hunter is killed, but the hunter's inventory shows no sign of taking anything from the vault. Spoke gets infuriated at the fact that NULL took it all and possibly followed them underneath all along and thinks something is fishy. He points out that Jamato hadn't fought the whole time and was watching. They mine out and say they're dead if they ever come across Dylan again, so they just don't go back to his camp without all his gear.

They dodge the rest of the ravagers and reach the edge of the biome, entering a mythical forest biome. They try to mend their armor with the little amount of sculk blocks around, but either it's not enough or they don't have mending. Jumper spots a river from afar, Spoke tries to make a boat from the nether wood out of the forest's trees, but Jamato came prepared and makes them boats. The four of them sail through the river and Spoke mutes and talks to himself again. He doesn't know what Jamato's game plan is still and no matter what he does he can't get away from Jamato. He thinks killing Jamato is the only way to stop him but doesn't have a way of how yet. Jumper spots a village nearby. Spoke suggests taking off any NULL related gear they have and to have Jumper be the one to talk to them without striking as a threat. The leader of the village, CookieBunsquat, welcomes them and mentions that if they came through the sand biome, they wouldn't have made it out alive. Spoke says that it was all Dylan's fault, Cookie says to never trust him since he just wants everyone dead. Cookie slowly walks closer to Jumper and says she used to be one of her 
spies
. Cookie looks at Spoke and says he looks familiar too and remembers that they have a file on him. Spoke brushes that aside and asks for help and for food, Cookie leads them to their wheat farm. Spoke says they were misleading a little bit and tells her their mission is to save the missing players from NULL. She's willing to help out and gives them basic necessities.  

Jamato asks if she has an anvil and she leads him into her house. Spoke watches Jamato from a distance, he makes an excuse of mining sculk to mend his armor and leaves. He goes out of distance from everybody else and gets an invis potion from his ender chest, he walks up to the window and spies on Jamato. He gets the idea of killing Jamato right then and there, he sees that Jamato isn't holding a totem out either. Spoke thinks it's now or never, so he runs back to the group and mine an ender chest for the obsidian. He creates a Nether portal and puts on the Null armor to pretend to be a hunter. He digs into the house from below and waits right behind Jamato. As soon as Jamato takes off his chestplate Spoke pots with strength and crits him out. Jamato pulls out a totem at the last second and stasises away. Jumper and Mapicc see Spoke and believes NULL is there. They attack Spoke and the rest of the village comes to kill who they believe is a Null hunter. Spoke pearls out the window and tons of Nether portals begin spawning all over the village. Jumper goes to assist Cookie, leaving Mapicc and Spoke alone to fight. 

Spoke tries to run away in order to not reveal his identity to Mapicc, but the fight leads to their armor breaking which makes it harder to survive in time. Spoke jumps into a huge cave and tries to riptide trident away using the water, but Mapicc is still able to catch up. With a minute left, he doesn't have enough time to run and hide his identity and, unfortunately for him, Mapicc pops his totem which gets rid of his invisibility. Spoke tries to tell Mapicc that there's a lot he doesn't understand, but Mapicc deflects and asks Spoke if he's insane. Mapicc says that Jumper was captured because of him. Spoke asks Mapicc if he understands that Jamato is the leader of NULL and that Jamato's been blackmailing Spoke since the very start. Mapicc says he's lost it and is ludicrous; he's the reason why they lost all their allies. Spoke says they need to make a portal and save Jumper, but Mapicc says he's not going with him and that Spoke can go take on NULL with half his armor by himself. Spoke tells him that this is exactly what Jamato wanted and that him and Jumper only follow orders and that's all they do on the server. Mapicc leaves and Spoke is defeated. He doesn't know how else to explain it to Mapicc, but he tells himself there's still a chance to win. With no food and millions of blocks out, there can't be anything worse than now. Spoke begins to reminisce about old adventures he had on the server: blowing up farms, being hunted by the 
Invisible Mafia
, his lava cast house. He didn't think it could get any worse. 

He comes across a dead end in the cave and looks up to a crack. He builds upwards and finds himself inside a maze. Spoke tells Jamato to bring his guards to take all his gear and everything. he begins to chide himself about how he could've rallied up Parrot's guards, could've then gone to Planet, to Dylan, to Cookie, and created an army of his own. He begins to realize he's going to the be the last person to know about these players. He starts to blame himself that these missing players are going to be missing forever. He goes upwards, but the top of the maze is entirely sculk. He drops back down to find food and immediately runs out of hunger. The Null hunters start showing up but they don't attack him. They only following him wherever he goes. He reaches a dead end and tries to get the hunters to back off, but they stand there. A Nether portal spawns right in front of Spoke.  

Jamato comes through and asks Spoke if he's even surprised to see him and that it was always going to end like this. Spoke asks why he did any of this. Jamato ignores the question and asks how many people are going to take the fall for him and that he keeps going and ruining everything and even killing him wouldn't be enough to save the world. Spoke asks why he took a thousand players, and that they can be real with each other now that they're alone without Mapicc or Jumper. Jamato says everyone deserves to make their own way, explore the world, make their own choices, but it always ended with Spoke; with death and destruction, and that's why NULL exists, to bring all the bad players to justice. He goes on to say everything he's done wasn't enough. It wasn't easy to capture Spoke, and not only that he survived, but he also managed to kill and to keep fighting and that he resents that. Spoke brings up the fact that he took Mapicc way before NULL started going after him. Jamato says he realized something after Spoke killed his soldiers; there was no point in capturing Spoke himself when he already had someone to do it for him. Spoke thinks that Mapicc was in on it the whole time, but Jamato says he sent a message to NULL to let Mapicc escape, and from there, he found Spoke and brought him right where he needed him. Jamato also brings up the fact that Spoke brought NULL to all the rebel camps, and that all the leaders of those groups are all in his hands. Spoke is devastated and says it was always going to end like this. Jamato asks why it will end exactly how it will, he says he owns the truth and can tell them anything he wants to, but nothing he could make up would be better than what Spoke did to himself. He'd ruined his own life better than Jamato could do. Jamato says he's done here and turns towards the portal, Spoke stops him and asks if he's going to tell them, and Jamato says the better question is how long does he think he can hide the truth. 

After he goes through the portal, Spoke breaks the portal and wanders off to try and find an exit. Eventually, he finds a white gateway, but he also notices Mapicc standing in the maze from a distance. He tells Mapicc the exit is nearby and they can leave. Mapicc says Jamato told him that 
Leo
 didn't try to kill him, it was Spoke, and that Jamato told him everything. Spoke tries to say that Jamato is trying to turn Mapicc against him. Mapicc says they could've roamed the server freely if he didn't try to kill Jamato, but Spoke wanted to have his pride moment with Leo and that he dragged them all back into this. Spoke says if he told them if he tried to kill Jamato, they would've turned against him there, but because of his decision they were able to go back to spawn and kill Leo. Spoke tries to convince Mapicc that they can explore the server still. He just wants to go back to spawn and leave. Mapicc puts on a new full set of netherite armor and says he's not going to let Spoke leave. Spoke asks Mapicc if he's insane. Mapicc says he got manipulated this entire time to be on his side. Mapicc pearls and catches Spoke in webs and crits him out. 

Alt
, the last existing piece of an exploted armor set, finally breaks after two years. Mapicc asks if he thought this was how it was going to end and what his goal was. Spoke asks if he wanted it to end like this. Mapicc says that Spoke just wanted to get away with it. Spoke wants Mapicc to kill him now that he has nothing left, but Mapicc asks where the exit is. Spoke points him towards the direction he came from. Mapicc says he's going to leave alone and suggests Spoke to live out in the Farlands or he can push NULL and die. Mapicc says something about if he ever sees Spoke at spawn again before getting interrupted by the Null hunters coming from a portal and jumping him. Mapicc thinks Spoke was behind this, he tries to fight back, but they're stronger and break all of his armor. They capture Mapicc and lead him into the Nether as Spoke apologizes softly. Jamato comes out of the portal. He says this is Spoke's legacy now, not as the hero he claims to be, but as the reason why all the rebels fell. He says if he ever wants to see Mapicc again, he'd have to drop everything on the floor. Spoke drops everything and Jamato burns it. He then forces Spoke to drop everything in his ender chest. Jamato burns that as well. Next, Jamato tells Spoke to go through the portal and says this is the end, not for the server, but it's a new era that would be better. Without 
him
.

Trivia

This marks the first time in a long time where a protagonist has nothing to their name.

Jamato was able to pick up the book Spoke dropped to Mapicc and Jumper because of pickup priority, which prioritizes the player who has been on the server for the longest.

The biome that the group emerged from the staircase is a direct reference to 
Wifies
' popular "
Destroying a World That Doesn't Exist
" ARG video.

People on Twitter have caught onto the fact that the reaction roles for Spoke in the Unstable Events server have decreased significantly. This could've possibly hinted towards the fact that Jamato was erasing Spoke from the server.

Another detail to back this up is that Spoke's name hasn't been mentioned by any of the other protagonist's in their videos in a while either
, but all three other protagonists have been mentioning or seeing each other almost every video.

At around 24:41, 
JamatoP's
 name is shown as "JamatoB".

When Spoke was looking at Jamato through the window, a flower pot with a rose could also be seen, which could be said to be 
iMajesticRose
, showing the two players that have "ruined" Spoke's life on the server.

Spoke is the third and possibly last protagonist to have their ender chest cleared, not counting 
Parrot
, as Parrot has not used an ender chest since 
Season 1
.

Wemmbu's ender chest was cleared in 
I Explored Beyond the Minecraft Farlands
 and Flame blew up the items inside his ender chest in 
SOLO Player VS World's Largest Minecraft Server
.

Spoke's legendary chestplate 
Alt
 was ironically broken by his former best friend 
Mapicc
, surviving 130 
episodes
 all the way from the very first one.

Another person on Twitter gathered the following information from a Mapicc stream about this video:

Spoke allows Mapicc to freestyle his lines in every video that he's in.

Spoke's pickaxe breaking was intentional.

Mapicc was watching Instagram Reels for a majority of the video.

Mapicc didn't hear Spoke say sorry to him when he went through the portal.

References

↑
 
https://x.com/omsonichater/status/2052805274780774850?s=46

↑
 
https://x.com/kohiiiaip/status/2052795409534185639?s=46

↑
 
https://x.com/spokeisms/status/2052801787623850390?s=46

↑
 
https://x.com/missionnull/status/2053283006190592159