The Unstable SMP was once ruled by a team called 
the Invisible Mafia
. 
— 
ParrotX2

Finding the Tomb of the Minecraft Mafia
 is the 87th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

Parrot
 recaps what the 
Invisible Mafia
 was, and how they took most of the resources on the server. However, rumors say how the resources were never destroyed, but stored somewhere hundreds of thousands of blocks out in a tomb in the End dimension. Parrot and 
Theo
 head out to the outer End islands, and they both nearly drop into the void after entering an end gateway.

They make it to the end of the first End rings, so they use a flying machine to travel the rest of the way there. Hours pass, and they get to a huge island filled with cherry blossom trees. The two follow the path that leads to a massive door. In front of the door has two hoppers, which means a key is needed to access it. 

Parrot spots players coming and both of them hide. Parrot notices that one of the players was 
CoinMonke
, one of his friends is part of the group that was trying to access the tomb too. One of the other players try to break the door down, but is suddenly given the darkness effect. 

An invisible player in full netherite with a quartz eye trim appears right behind them once the darkness wears off. The invisible player drinks milk, revealing themselves to be 
Marlowww
, Minecraft's best PvPer. The group is confident they can take Marlowww in a fight, having an advantage with players, but they quickly drop. Parrot and Theo decide to save Coin and run off the island.

Parrot, Theo, and Coin flies away from the island, heading towards an End station. They head inside, where everybody there is playing games and gambling. Parrot looks around, everyone stares back at him intimidatingly. Two of the people that were playing games begin to argue, and a fight breaks out, causing one of them to die.  

Coin lets Parrot run free and makes him talk to Rasplin. Parrot asks Rasplin for any hints on the tomb, but Rasplin wants to play a game of eight-fold for it. He says he has a key to the tomb, but Theo thinks he could be scamming. They play the first round, and Parrot loses. They keep going, with wagers going higher and higher each round. 

On the last round, Parrot has a good hand, and Rasplin wants Parrot to wager everything, his armor, totems, and shulker boxes in exchange for the key. Parrot wagers everything in and he loses. Then, the darkness sets in again, and Rasplin instantly gets killed by Marlowww. Parrot goes through an escape tunnel, but before leaving, he looks at Marlowww, and she's staring back at him. 

Parrot and Theo come back to the island where the tomb is located, Theo gives Parrot his Elytra since he has no armor. Parrot says they stand no chance fighting against Marlowww, and they only need to get the key from her. His idea is to lock the hoppers so the key can't be put in the hoppers and have Theo take it while Parrot shoots her away with a punch bow. Marlowww comes back to the island and they wait until she's gone to set the plan in motion. Parrot locks the hoppers and hides behind a rock to wait for Marlowww to come back. As Marlowww is coming back, Parrot is prepared to shoot and Marlowww is about to put the key in until she says, "Don't you know that I can see you right there?" Parrot, thinking his cover has been blown, hides behind the rock.  

However, it was another player was hiding nearby and Marlowww kills them. Marlowww then drops the key and Parrot manages to get the shot off, and Theo gets the key. They meet back at a lake where Parrot said to come to if they ever split off and lose each other. The two hide inside a cave for days until Marlowww leaves the island to enter the tomb. Days go by, and Parrot thinks enough time has passed, so they go and unlock the door to the tomb. 

Once inside, a huge elevator leads them down to what appears to be a huge maze. Parrot and Theo wander around until the darkness effect hits them. Knowing that Marlowww appears whenever the darkness effect is given, Theo tells Parrot to run. Theo says he'll do his best to fend off Marlowww. Parrot hides for a bit and comes back to the fighting grounds, with no trace of Theo anywhere. Parrot had a choice to either leave empty-handed, or try and find Theo, knowing he could still be alive, so he keeps going. Parrot finds a chest with all of Theo's loot and a sign written by Marlowww saying if Parrot keeps going, he'd end up dead like Theo. Parrot decides to keep going, and eventually makes it to the end of the maze, which leads to a massive cave with two invisible diamond trim statues in front of the door leading to the stash. Parrot walks closer to the door, and the darkness effect kicks in. Parrot flies away before the darkness wears off and before he's confronted by Marlowww. He stumbles into another part of the cave and explores further down. At the end, he finds what appears to be Marlowww's secret base. Marlowww has bookshelves full of books, using them to journal what happens day by day, and Parrot reads through them. The books show that Marlowww's best friend joined the Mafia and that Marlowww joined herself to protect her friend, the stash is set to kill any remaining Mafia members if any items were taken from it, and that Marlowww was never a monster, but only appearing to be one in order to protect her friend and anybody else. The last one reveals that Marlowww didn't kill Theo because he reminded her too much of her best friend, the two would protect their friends with their life. Parrot puts the book back, and turns around to see Marlowww. He realizes Marlowww isn't even and is only doing what's best to protect other players. Marlowww pulls a hidden lever that reveals the remaining ender pearl stasis chambers, then she walks away. Parrot apologizes and walks to the front of the door where the stash is located. He enters it, going down another big cave, and another door at the end of it awaits. He walks right through and finds the stash. There are tons of rooms, each built for specific resources. Parrot looks around, only to take nothing. 

He comes back up and reunites with Theo and gives all his items back. The two begin to head back, Marlowww watches them from the island and goes back to being invisible. Theo asks if Parrot found the tomb and how much he took, and Parrot said he took nothing and that he was wrong about Marlowww and everybody else. Parrot says he's done hunting treasure and that he doesn't know what to do after. He asks if Theo would come with him once he figures it out, and Theo happily agrees.

Trivia

Ironically, Marlow wasn't a real person.