Overview
History
Relationships
Videos
Gear

Relationships

Lomedy

Flame met Lomedy during his Solo Players arc when he was being hunted down by a toxic Minecraft civilization. After fighting some of their men, he began looking for resources and found Lomedy’s farm. He decided to use the farm as a base for resources, despite Lomedy’s refusal. While their relationship was rocky at first, Flame defended his farm and ended up receiving Lomedy’s trust, when the farmer gifted Flame his old teammate’s mace to fight the toxic players. After defeating the civilization, Flame returned the mace and left the farm.

Over the course of the server, the two would help each other out with various missions. Flame assisted Lomedy in the Farm War, and Flame tried to help Lomedy after his mace was stolen.

When 
The Law
 was hunting down Flame, they captured Lomedy and held him in prison to use as leverage against Flame. When Flame broke into the Law prison to free Lomedy, he refused to leave. He did not like that Flame was killing players and being needlessly cruel. It wasn’t until Flame defeated the Law and apologized to Lomedy that he left with Flame and made a base with him.

Lomedy helps Flame eradicate 
the Mist
 and later convinces Flame to join 
Cindercrest
 with him. Flame becomes torn between loyalty to his friend and leaving a cause he really doesn't like. Lomedy later explains to Flame that he joined Cindercrest out of guilt because some of his friends starved and he felt like it was partially his fault. After the civil war concludes, Lomedy leaves Flame to go back to his farm. They part ways on very good terms.

Wemmbu

When Flame worked under 
PrinceZam
, he was ordered to "betray" the Empire and attack Wemmbu. He raided his kingdom multiple times.

When Flame was in the 
Invisible Mafia
, he kidnapped Wemmbu’s best friend, 
Eggchan
, and took his mace.

Wemmbu fought Flame at his base. Flame ended the battle and showed Wemmbu around his base.

Flame participated in a PVP tournament that Wemmbu also competed in. They taunted each other throughout and fought each other in the finals where Flame won.

Flame frees his friend, 
Jaden
, from an underground civilization. When Jaden reveals it was Wemmbu who trapped him, he worked together with a few other players, 
The Avengers
, to hunt him down in the 
Far Lands
. Flame tricked one of the players, 
Sharpness
, to give him a mace that he had stolen from Wemmbu. Flame betrays the Avengers and returns Wemmbu’s mace.

After being ordered by 
Spoke
, Flame goes to an abandoned mafia outpost where he finds Wemmbu. Wemmbu fights him using orbital strike canons, defeating him and making him run from the fight. Flame vowed to get revenge.

Someone tells Flame that Wemmbu had died, but he did not believe it. He hunted down Wemmbu, protecting 
Boosfer
 who claimed to know where he was. He hunted down 
ClownPierce
 in the nether after being falsely told that he had killed Wemmbu, and eventually the teamed up with 
Parrot
 to unveil the Invisible Knight who they suspected to be Wemmbu. They trapped an Ender Pearl canon and revealed Wemmbu’s identity using dogs, with Flame insisting they have a rematch for the unfair fight they had previously. Wemmbu agreed, but they were interrupted by The Law.

The two put their fight on hold to hunt down the Law. They fought the Law’s army of 1000 players together. Afterwards, they fought once more, where Wemmbu gives up and tells Flame that he can be the Strongest Player.

Flame found out that Wemmbu had been imprisoned by the Law, and he was exiled from the server.

Flame and Wemmbu team up once again to fight The Law, along with Spoke and Parrot. They succeeded, but Flame attacked Wemmbu’s friend, Jaden, for stealing Lomedy’s mace. Wemmbu protected him.

Wemmbu and Flames relationship worsens significantly during the civil war and they fight several times. Flame is astounded at Wemmbu's hypocritical behavior during the final battle, with Wemmbu seemingly disregarding everything he had learned from LAW and bombing everyone.

Flame later forces Wemmbu into dueling him by threatening to pull Egg's stasis that Arachn1d had been holding onto. The fight ends with Wemmbu giving up by purposely putting himself in bad situations and Flame revealing that he never was going to pull Egg's stasis because friends don't do that to each other. Their relationship likely heals somewhat, but they promise to duel again.

ManePear

The two both worked under PrinceZam together in the 
Zam Empire
. However, ManePear betrayed the empire, which caused them to fight and separate.

When Flame joined the 
Invis Mafia
, Mane fought against them. Wemmbu told Mane that he had fought a diamond player who did not use a mace, who Mane figured out was Flame. Mane managed to hunt down Flame and they fought, but Wemmbu and 
Eggchan
 interrupted the fight, causing Flame to flee. Mane tried to find him again, but Wemmbu didn’t tell him where he was.

When Flame was exiled from Unstable by the law, he sought out the masters of every weapon in order to become a master of Minecraft combat. For the spear, he found ManePear, who was living in a cave far away from the rest of the server. Mane trains Flame in exchange for Flame’s help at killing a group of players that had been annoying Mane. When Flame was captured by the Law, Mane invaded the prison to rescue him, going against his former “lone wolf” persona.

NotSkrilley

NotSkrilley
 helps Flame in the 
Mist
 to find Lomedy. In the process of doing this, the pair grow close and become friends. He finds Lomedy and brings Flame's best friend back to their base.

Flame explains to Skrilley his problem with Wemmbu.

Flame hangs out with Skrilley and 
Spongs
. 
TheG0dofWar
 shows up demanding a fight, Flame obliges but Spongs ruins the fight. Flame and Skrilley decide to fix the base and head to LAW to get the materials. 
SargeLAW
 refuses, because they don't have the stuff. Flame and Skrilley visit 
Lettuce
 to get coordinates to a stash with the resources they need. They get the items and LAW happily fixes their base. Spongs, Skrilley, and Flame explore the base until G0dofWar shows up again. Spongs and Skrilley leave so Flame can have a proper 1v1 with G0dofWar.