To be ballin, we have to be all in.
— Found2, to 
SpokeIsHere
 in 
1000 Players Simulate HUNGER GAMES in Hardcore Minecraft

Found2 is a character featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

History

 
 
 
 
 
found2 in the Treebo Village
 
 

Found2 was a member of 
Treebo Village
 and during the vote for king she voted for 
ParrotX2
 after he saved 
PajamaSammy400
.

Then she was seen as a prominent member of the black market at 
Purgatory
. They sell items like swords, and fire charges with decent prices for them.   

She was one of the four players to enter the black market whilst 
SpokeIsHere
 was still trading. Spoke asks her the prices for TNT, to which she tells him that she has multiple shulker boxes of it. She tasks Spoke to attempt an escape with her and 
JumperWho
, and in exchange, Found will provide Spoke with the TNT he requested.   

They build a nether portal to escape but on the other side, nether portals surround them and NULL comes through.   

The escape attempt fails and all of them are captured, with Jumper being sentenced to execution. Found is seen in a cramped cell as her punishment. Spoke appears at her cell's doorstep by following the vague directions provided in the book Found gave him when they were cornered by NULL, titled "last chance". Found is flabbergasted at the fact that Spoke had managed to make it out of solitude. She provides Spoke with some bread and an invisibility potion, which Spoke used to raid the guards' chambers and armouries.  

In 
1000 Players Simulate HUNGER GAMES in Hardcore Minecraft
, Found was assasinated by a player whom was tasked with killing her. After 
Spoke
, 
Mapicc
 and 
Dyl
 kills the assasin, the assasin dropped a book from his inventory, which revealed that 
JamatoP
 ordered her execution.  

Trivia

She appears in Parrot's video 
Unstable SMP: The First King
 in the background as a villager.

She is the richest non-null player in 
Purgatory
.

She has "shulkers upon shulkers" full of TNT although it is unknown how she obtained it.

Gallery