trapped by 
clownpierce
 again
— 
Wemmbu

How I Solved Minecraft's Largest Escape Room
 is the 17th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

The episode starts off with 
Wemmbu
 and 
PrinceZam
 locked inside of a large escape room created by 
ClownPierce
. Inside of the small box they are in has an end portal with four eyes filled and a wind charge inside of an item frame. Wemmbu tries to use the wind charge to gain height and get out of the hole, but instead redstone goes off, and it dispenses a trapdoor. They use the trapdoor to go into crawl mode and escape the first room.

The second room has even more trapdoors, their plan was to use the trapdoors on the floor and stay in crawl mode to crawl out the wall again. The plan works and now they're onto the third puzzle. Because Wemmbu took so long, Zam said he could've solved it by himself. A flashback appears of the last episode, showing Zam attempting to kill Wemmbu inside of Proton.

The third room has hoppers that consists of a bunch of different items, there is also a dropdown to another room with pigs down below. They can't access the next room without an item to break their fall, so they look for anything to help progress. Wemmbu uses a snowball to get the raw iron that was placed in an item frame and smelts it. With the iron ingot and the rest of the items given, Wemmbu crafts a crossbow and has tipped weaving arrows. He uses the crossbow and kills a pig, which spawns a cobweb where it dies. They manage to get down safely.

The fourth room has a goat placed inside of a house. Zam finds a bucket inside of the house and milks the goat to get rid of the mining fatigue. They mine out the floor, as well as the autocrafter inside of the house. Copper is scattered all around in item frames and they craft it into a raw copper block. They try to use all the blocks they have to crawl into the hole in the middle, the path down to the fifth room. Eventually they find a way to get into crawl mode, the most important item being the pink concrete powder.

The fifth room is a small room, and another goat is with them. The room is also surrounded by a bigger sphere. Wemmbu builds up with the few blocks he has remaining, not enough to get out of the room, but enough to see into the hoppers outside of the room. Zam asks for the blocks and builds out since he had an autocrafter on him still. Wemmbu manages to put the concrete powder and iron door inside of a hopper, which lets Zam to access the next room. There is a dispenser underneath the floor, which allows Zam to give Wemmbu items from down under. He gives Wemmbu a leaping potion and the concrete. Wemmbu makes it out, but gets mining fatigue as soon as he reaches the top of the small room. He is unable to get the concrete powder back. Being softlocked, 
Wato
, the creator of the escape room, comes to assist them. He shows Wemmbu the intended way to solve the room and stasises out. Wemmbu goes into crawl mode and goes to where Zam is. The next room is right below the dispenser, powdered snow is waiting for them beneath.

The sixth room is the biggest one so far, being a manmade Mesa biome, having access to powdered snow, an armadillo, and the first room to be able to freely break blocks without mining fatigue. They find rabbit hide, which makes them think they need leather boots for the powdered snow. While messing around, Wemmbu finds out they can very briefly jump on powdered snow before they start sinking, which leads them to attempt three consecutive parkour jumps to get to a hopper that was barely out of reach. The two take turns, running out of food in the process. After many attempts, Wemmbu finally makes the jump. They now have four rabbit hide and three leather, which is enough to make leather boots. They get lost and don't know where to build up until Zam notices a gold platform above. Wemmbu lets Zam go up first. Wemmbu messages Zam asking what's at the top, Zam goes quiet. Wato comes back, seeing that Wemmbu is stuck. They go through with the emergency exit, which is to use the armadillo to break through a wall near a patch of gold ore. Wato gives Wemmbu a milk bucket so he can break the lectern to get out.

Wemmbu gets out of the room and ends up on the outsides of the escape room. He takes potions from a random station that are located in specific areas. Wemmbu breaks into another room and uses the bucket Wato gave him to pick up water and swim out. Wemmbu tries to cheese the room, Wato hits Wemmbu with a sword, causing Wemmbu to give up the bucket. On a random armor stand has maxed out Netherite boots on them, Wemmbu takes them. A hopper right next to it contained some eyes of ender and a maxed out Netherite sword. Wato forces Wemmbu to do the rest of the room legitimately, which Wemmbu does.

After finishing the room that was broken into, Wemmbu obtains a wind charging potion. He finds a bunch of chickens stacked on top of each other, splashes them and kills them. This launches him into another room with a bunch of dispensers and flowing lava. Wemmbu breaks a bunch of things inside of the room and cheeses it by wind charging out. Wato doesn't like that and forces Wemmbu to solve it legitimately again. Wemmbu manages to figure it out, but with Wato's help.

The next step to progress is to build upwards using the sand blocks he has, held up by tripwire hooks and redstone torches. Wemmbu makes it and Wato leaves. Wato tells Wemmbu to tread carefully, since he's worried about Wemmbu falling for the same tricks. Wemmbu finally meets back up with Zam. In the time they were separated, Zam obtained a heavy core and a few enchanted books. Zam gives Wemmbu the heavy core and a enchanted book with wind burst on it, which Wemmbu crafts a mace and enchants. Wemmbu uses the mace on an armor stand, which allows both of them to gain enough height to get onto the next platform. This technique is used for the next few platforms until they make it to a room with brewing stands and magma cubes. They use the slime block to brew oozing potions, splashing them onto the magma cubes and turning them into slime, giving them over a stack of slime balls. Wemmbu crafts them into slime blocks, which gives them just enough blocks to get to the next platform.

Wemmbu maces up into a room once again, with an actual puzzle inside of the room. He uses a fishing rod to get Zam up with him. Wemmbu realizes that they need to use the resources inside of the room to reach the next platform. Zam suggests using the mace instead to gain more height and to reserve resources. Wemmbu maces Zam and rods Zam up and they do that multiple times until they make it up top. They get to the end of the platform, with nowhere else to go, they mace up one more time. On top of the box is a hole that leads to where they started. They drop down and fill the end portal. Once entering the End, ClownPierce congratulates them for escaping.

Clown demands for the mace back, but Wemmbu refuses to until Clown tells him where 
Eggchan
 is. Wemmbu whispers to Zam to give him the netherite armor and mace, Clown instructs Wato to respawn the Ender Dragon, but Wato flakes. Wemmbu tells Zam to go through the portal when he drops Clown. Zam makes it out and Clown respawns the dragon himself. Wemmbu and Clown begin to fight, but Wemmbu’s armor breaks, which forces him to up the mace. Clown says he just gave up one of the last remaining maces on the server and that things are about to go down. Clown then flies off to the end islands. The episode ends with Wemmbu killing the dragon and going through the end portal.

Thumbnail

This thumbnail depicts 
Wemmbu
 (center-left) and 
PrinceZam
 (center-right) on a bedrock platform surrounded by chains made of netherite blocks. This demonstrates how rich Clownpierce (who imprisoned them) is, as he can afford netherite blocks for something as trivial as decoration.