tournament of the strongest
— 
Wemmbu

How I SURVIVED a Hardcore Minecraft Tournament
 is the 49th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

Wemmbu
 participates in a PVP tournament hosted by 
AJTHEBOLD
 to get another rematch against 
FlameFrags
. The point of the tournament is to determine who is the strongest PVPer. Each fighter has 3 totems. If all of them pop, they get their stasis pulled back into the lobby and get disqualified by a ghost totem glitch and a redstone comparator. However, elytra aren't allowed, giving Wemmbu a major disadvantage. 

The first fight is Wemmbu vs. 
Epaxialfx
. Wemmbu uses his mace and also pillars up above Epaxial to pop his totem with the mace. Wemmbu easily pops the rest of Epaxial's totems, disqualifying him. Wemmbu watches the other matches. FlameFrags wins against 
Willsion
, 
Wyll
 and 
Ferre
 win their matches, 
TheobaldTheBird
 accidentally kills his opponent instead of popping their totems, and 
Sharpness
 wins against 
Horace
 while using his fists.

Horace begins cleaning up the arena, but he is seen with a wooden pickaxe. Wemmbu gives him his pickaxe to help him. Wemmbu heads to the festival, where Flame begins teasing him. Wyll peers towards Wemmbu to tell him that he will be fighting him the next round. Wyll happened to be correct, as his next fight was against him. Wyll has access to stacks of god apples and slowfalling arrows, making the fight annoying for Wemmbu. After a few close calls, Wemmbu ends up winning the fight.

Wemmbu watches the other matches, and everyone is dismissed into the festival. Wyll tells Wemmbu that he's going to fight Sharpness next and gives him advice on how he can win against Sharpness, along with telling him not to use any mace techniques against Sharpness when Flame is watching. Wemmbu asks why Wyll wanted to help, but he responds with "because I hate sharpness more than I hate you".

The next match happens to be Sharpness, as Wyll mentioned, along with an ice arena. During their fight, Wemmbu notices that FlameFrags wasn't watching the fight, so he begins using some of his mace techniques against Sharpness. Wemmbu notices that Flame returned, and he stops using his mace techniques. Sharpness pops Wemmbu's totem. Wemmbu is now on his last totem, and if he wants to win the match, he will have to listen to Wyll's advice. Wemmbu wins against Sharpness. Flame also won his match, putting them both in the finals.

Wemmbu and Flame begin preparing for their match. When the finals start, Wemmbu begins macing Flame while also using melee. However, it didn't take long for Flame to figure out his pattern and block his mace hits. Flame ends up popping Wemmbu's totem after comboing him. Flame taunts Wemmbu until he pops his totem by pillaring up and macing him multiple times. Wemmbu eventually ends up running out of wind charges and has to use armor stands and his wind burst mace to launch himself, but Flame already knew he was going to do that, thus avoiding him when he does that. Wemmbu's helmet and leggings break. Flame's armor breaks too, letting Wemmbu pop his totem. Wemmbu's chestplate breaks, and Flame shoots him, popping his totem again. Flame pops Wemmbu for the third time, making him win the tournament. Flame begins teasing Wemmbu after he wins the tournament.

Trivia

As of May 26th, the A/B testing will either show the title as the original or as Minecraft's Strongest Players Simulate PVP Tournament.