Spawning command blocks, item duplication, and world tearing - all exploits that were patched out of the game years ago. However, they have seemingly returned to our server..
— 
Spoke

How to Destroy the Unstable SMP
 is the first episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
 and the first episode released by 
SpokeIsHere
.

Contents

1
 
Plot

2
 
Creators

3
 
Soundtrack

4
 
Trivia

5
 
Thumbnail

Plot

The video begins on a cold opening. 
SpokeIsHere
 tells 
JamatoP
 that the server is running out of time. He says that he discovered something that shouldn’t exist: a set of diamond armour with all four protection enchantments. The two enter Jamato’s base, where Spoke explains that a couple hours prior he was at a zombie farm enchanting his gear when he accidentally put all four protection enchantments on each piece.

Jamato tells Spoke that this was once possible in an older version of Minecraft and leads Spoke to an underground vault housing old Minecraft glitches and exploits that have never been possible to occur either at the same time or on the same server. These glitches include a spliced portal, a weaponless skeleton, a set of redstone-trimmed netherite armour with all the protection enchants that Spoke equips, and most notably, a machine that strips the data of blocks and transforms them into other blocks. 

Spoke realises what functioning ancient exploits could entail. He and Jamato both agree that nobody can find out about this, and Jamato says to start with the safe ones as to not raise suspicion. Spoke suggests they find a working duplication glitch to get the resources needed to test more exploits and build more machines. In voiceover, Spoke describes a duplication glitch that was patched years ago, but assuming it’s back he decides he has to use it. All he needs for it is a single shulker box, so he goes to the end to get one. In voiceover he says getting this shulker box “would prove to be the hardest part.” 

Spoke sees 
Wemmbu
 in the distance and approaches. Wemmbu tells Spoke that he has to leave and Spoke asks what he’s doing. Wemmbu says he’s just doing a “side-hobby project.” Wemmbu  asks about the armour Spoke is wearing, the redstone trimmed netherite armour from Jamato’s exploit vault. He asks what the armour is and where Spoke got it. Spoke lies, telling Wemmbu that he went mining and enchanted it at the zombie farm. Spoke changes the subject, wishing Wemmbu  luck on his project before asking if that's really what he is  doing. Wemmbu then shows Spoke a shulker box full of elytra, sarcastically saying “good luck finding an elytra,” and leaves the end. 

Spoke goes hunting for shulker shells in the nearby end cities and gets what he needs. Returning to the overworld, he brings Jamato to the dupe stash behind a painting in his base. They begin to duplicate gold, ancient debris, diamonds, emeralds, iron, experience bottles, shulker shells, anvils, and redstone components for the next couple of hours.

They devise a plan to use update suppression to splice a portal, but Spoke asks where they should build it. Jamato suggests putting it in a base that nobody would want to break into. However, neither of them can build something grand enough, so Jamato tells Spoke to ask 
TheRealSquiddo
 and her master builders to set up a meeting at spawn.

Spoke commissions Squiddo and her builders to build five 
Great Wonders
, paying thirteen shulker boxes of duped items. Squiddo tells Spoke that the builders can finish by the next day, but unable to wait, Spoke digs under one of the Wonders, the 
Pyramid of Anubis
, to build the 
chunk suppressor
 with Jamato. After finishing it, Jamato suggests waiting until everyone is offline to test it, but Spoke pulls the lever regardless, crashing the server. When rejoining, Jamato explains that while that wasn’t necessarily bad, it could mean that the builders find out. To be safe, Spoke  mines out to check on the builders and finds Squiddo standing in front of a spliced portal. Squiddo explains that she was trying to mine the portal when the server crashed, and after rejoining, she found it split in half. Squiddo says she needs to tell people about it, but Spoke talks her out of it, claiming it's just lag. He says he knows how to fix it and puts a block inside the portal, which breaks it. He again tells her that she shouldn’t tell anyone.

Mining back into the Pyramid, Spoke tells Jamato about what happened and Jamato tells him that that’s not how it works, which confuses both of them. They decide to lay low to test some smaller exploits. Spoke boats to the raid farm to see if he can obtain a glitched crossbow. He doesn’t find it , but says that he will check  after each glitch and heads to the next Wonder.

Under one of the Wonders in a netherrack room, Spoke transforms arrows of healing into uncraftable tipped arrows. Spoke goes back to the raid farm and again doesn’t find the crossbow, but brings back chests. He then attempts a dupe glitch that ultimately fails. Spoke goes back to the raid farm and again doesn’t find the crossbow. He comes back to the netherrack room with a brewing stand to attempt the two billion bottles glitch, but that also fails. Spoke goes back to the raid farm and finally finds the glitched crossbow. 

After showing Jamato the arrow and the crossbow, Spoke goes on to explain that certain exploits don’t work. He brings up the chunk suppressor, as they still don’t know how Squiddo’s Nether portal was spliced. Jamato explains that the suppressor wasn’t just working properly, it was working in a way it had never before. This confuses both of them, having never heard of anything like it before. 

Jamato offers to show Spoke another glitch that will not only dupe, but also stack totems of undying. The glitch is performed by dropping a totem on the ground and using an auto-clicker on the recipe book to turn one totem into a totem stack. The glitch gets Spoke a stack of eighty-five totems, which he uses to tank multiple crits from Jamato to test if they work. 

Wanting netherite, Spoke asks if they can dupe any. Instead, Jamato gives Spoke the illegal redstone trimmed netherite set on an armour stand. Spoke swaps the armour he’s wearing with the one on the stand, but then realises that there are a lot of entities in the room. He asks Jamato if there’s a way to make a force field to prevent a pie graph or chunk loader from picking them up. Spoke says that they’re absolutely not using chunk bans. Jamato says they may need to bring in more people, so they interview 
Roshambogames
, 
JumperWho
, 
Derapchu
, and 
Fantst
 to become the Guardians of the Wonders. Spoke pays them in duped items to not speak to anyone about this. Knowing he needs to hire one more person, he interviews Wemmbu to be the fifth Guardian. When asked for his skill, Wemmbu says they should go somewhere else. He shows Spoke an empty plains. A massive lag spike hits the area and moments later, circles of TNT appear and vaporise the field. This was a result of Wemmbu’s orbital cannon, which he’d previously built on the 
Lifesteal SMP
. Spoke is hesitant to hire him, and explains that if he is found inside any of the structures he will be kicked off of the Guardian team. 

Spoke returns to the netherrack room, swapping his armour again and accidentally unstacking his totems in the process. He sees this as a good thing, however, and reminds himself that the only reason he’s executing these exploits is to find answers, and that once he abuses them, the server will truly be ruined. 

Later, Spoke and Jamato are in a stone room under one of the Wonders. Using an exploit, they plan make blocks without data. The goal is to blow up a brewing stand with an end crystal that is on fire on the same frame as placing an enchanting table. They  have to log out, log back in, and see if it works. When logging back in, the book is removed from the enchanting table. They do the same thing with an ender chest and a wither skeleton skull, which turns them invisible. After doing this, they plan their next exploit. Jamato is worried they’ll become  overconfident and get caught from the impact this next glitch could have. He says in order to perform this glitch, they need “the goofiest and almost illegal mobs they can find.” Spoke sets up camp at the 
Crone
 and hunts the illegal mobs. He finds a skeleton, names it, and gives it a stack of wooden swords made using the recipe book glitch. After relogging, it creates the same weaponless skeleton found in Jamato’s exploit vault.

Meeting under the Crone, Spoke shows Jamato the three weaponless mobs he’s collected: the skeleton, a zombified piglin, and a wither skeleton. Jamato reveals that the Crone is on top of a stronghold, and that this exploit will put the mobs partially in the end and partially in the overworld, duping them. Because the mob exists in the end, it will be able to be teleported to the overworld multiple times. Spoke goes in to get the materials, which are hidden inside an end pillar. 

From the outside, Wemmbu hears Spoke talking to himself inside the pillar. Wemmbu asks what he’s doing, and Spoke frantically tells him not to come down into the pillar, saying that he’ll meet him on the surface. He tells Wemmbu that he’s working on an “end project,” but Wemmbu knows Spoke has been up to something and wants to know what they are. Spoke again says he’ll meet Wemmbu above, but Wemmbu proceeds to respawn the ender dragon, turning the shulker boxed of duplicated restone components into obsidian. Wemmbu continues to be confrontational, asking what Spoke has been up to. Spoke is at a loss for words and tries to muster an excuse. He says that Jamato sent him to get materials for his project, but Wemmbu does not believe that the redstone was legitimately obtained. He realises talking to Spoke is pointless and that he’s better off asking Jamato about it.

Spoke begins to attack Wemmbu, which he doesn’t react to until it becomes annoying. Wemmbu fights back, popping his totem. Spoke runs away, escaping through an end gateway and losing Wemmbu. He goes back, defeats the dragon, and goes through the central portal.

In voiceover, Spoke explains that if Jamato found out that Wemmbu was onto them, he would call off the operation. He decides that the next best step was to destroy every end portal so he could build the mob duper in peace. However, he realises that in order to truly stop Wemmbu he’d need to build something that could truly get rid of him for good. He knows there’s only one exploit capable of that. 

In Spoke’s base, Jamato asks what happened in the end. Spoke tells Jamato that he ran into a player, but that he doesn’t know what’s he and Jamato are building. He tells Jamato that they’re going to need to destroy the end portals, but Jamato protests. He tells Spoke that his goal is to save the server, not play god. Spoke tells him that he’s not playing god. Jamato continues, saying the only way to save the server is to bring it back to how it was. Spoke tells him that they’re the only players on the server with illegal armour, and that there’s a reason why they found it. He says they can’t stop now or they’ll never be able to build the final machine: the chunk splicer.

Jamato tells him that that was never the plan. He says it could fundamentally break the server and he won’t be a part of it anymore. He tells Spoke he shouldn’t be part of it either.

Watching Jamato walk off, Spoke realises he’s again alone. He thought that if Jamato wasn’t going to save the server from Wemmbu, he’d have to do it alone. He collects the materials he would need and heads towards the final Wonder with the intention of creating a command block. Once he acquires one, he intended to show Jamato how they could use it for good, but without Jamato, Spoke has a difficult time getting the machine to work, not realising the exploit he was using had been patched. 

But suddenly, Spoke discovers a never before seen glitch that hasn’t been possible ever before, proving that the server was truly unstable. None of that mattered to him anymore, however, because he’d finally gotten the command block and other illegal blocks. 

Spoke shows Jamato the items, but Jamato insists he gets rid of them and wants nothing to do with them. Spoke then realises when he say Squiddo earlier, Squiddo was wearing red trimmed netherite and suspects she stole the illegal armour. Spoke rushes back to the netherack room and the armour is still there but Wemmbu is waiting for him. The two begin a fight as Spoke manages to equip the illegal armour, throughout the fight Spoke uses his bedrock and Wemmbu breaks Spokes helmet and boots but Spoke manages to get out.  

Spoke decides to destroy the evidence inside of the wonders using an orbital TNT cannon. He constructs it a million blocks out but right before he fires Jamato enters. Spoke tells Jamato he's built the largest vault of illegal items and he's not going to destroy it but Jamato tells Spoke that he's not here to stop him. Jamato tells Spoke that after this he'll be leaving and he was just here to say goodbye. The two of them press the button and fire the cannon.  

Creators

Soundtrack

Concrete Halls - C418

Aria Math - C418

More TBA

Trivia

This episode was originally called "How to Destroy the Unstable SMP" but was changed on 12/17/2025

Thumbnail

The thumbnail depicts 
Spoke
 (left) holding a command block, with a glitching out world on the right. This appears to be caused by the command block Spoke is holding.