Millions of duped items have flooded our server, and as a result, the players have stashed the items in vaults all around the server. So, it’s my job to destroy them all...
— SpokeIsHere

How I Stole 10,356,000 Duped Items
 is the 4th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

The episode begins with 
SpokeIsHere
 explaining how one week ago, millions of duped items appeared on the server. The players stashed them in secure vaults that were supposedly unbreachable, until he found one of them.

Spoke starts digging into their defenses and breaks into a room filled with players. He later realizes that they are just armor stands and spots a hole in the center, which he assumes leads to what he is looking for. He bridges over but sees that he would die from the fall, so he opens his ender chest and grabs a pearl to clutch with. Once inside, there are rows of double chests filled with the duped items. He blew everything up, but fell through the floor and clutched with another ender pearl, ending up standing in front of 
Roshambogames
 in an obsidian box filled with end crystals with a bow pointed at his face.

Roshambo threatens to shoot Spoke and blow him up if he tries anything stupid and tells him that there’s a player on his way to kill him right now. Instead of taking his chances, Spoke shoots himself and blows up the end crystal. He then elytras out of the prison, leaving Roshambogames behind.

Spoke resolves to get rid of the duped items once and for all, but decides to keep the two pieces of exploited armor. He heads toward spawn and discovers that someone had set it on fire. Someone starts playing music nearby and finds the base of 
Mapicc
, a player who hates Roshambo. He tells Spoke that he used to steal from him all the time, but that he somehow got really rich all of a sudden. He then reveals that he heard everything Spoke said, including the fact that Roshambo has duped items. Spoke offers to help him raid the vaults on the condition that they don’t keep any of the duped items. Mapicc agrees.

They head over to the 
Zam Empire
, supposedly where the second vault is. Spoke splashed himself with invis and proceeds to tell Mapicc that he has a big target on his back. They dig down into the first floor and run into 
FlameFrags
 and 
Leow0ok
, two of 
PrinceZam
 guards. Mapicc tells the guards that Spoke is his little brother and that he doesn’t like to talk. Spoke’s invisibility runs out and FlameFrags, Leow0ok, and another guard Merfinn start chasing them. They escape and elytra onto the roof of a nearby building.

Spoke explains that the real reason why they came to the Zam Empire was to not only destroy the duped items, but to also bring them back to the way they were, which means that they can’t destroy any builds or kill any players, or else they would be just as bad as Roshambo. They pearl back into the castle and enter the vault, blowing up as many duped items as they can. The server starts lagging and they get away by pearling into the walls. They elytra onto a balloon and head into the nether. They build up onto the roof of the portal and watch the guards elytra away, heading back into the overworld.

Mapicc asks Spoke how Roshambo knew how to dupe items in the first place and Spoke reveals to him that he was the one who found the dupe glitch. He tells Mapicc that this was before he saw the consequences of his actions and that he had used a lot of the duped items to pay players to do stuff. Mapicc is angry at first but calms down once Spoke says that an old friend convinced him to never touch exploits again.

Mapicc suggests that they head to 
TheRealSquiddo's
 base, which might contain some of the duped items since Spoke paid her a lot of them. They find the duped items stashed in barrels around her base and Spoke sets a pile of netherite blocks on fire when Squiddo logs online. Spoke and Mapicc try to make up an excuse, but are interrupted by the fire that has spread throughout the castle. While trying to stop the fire, Spoke finds a chest with the coordinates of what he thinks are the coordinates of Roshambo’s vaults.

They head to the first set of coordinates and find an unassuming trading hall in a mountain. There is a pile of chests in the center that contain lots of enchanted books and emeralds, though they aren’t sure if they’re duped or not. They then find the duped items in barrels located at the columns and start carefully burning them. However, the owner of the trading hall, 
Jepexx
, discovers them and crashes out. He tells Spoke that these aren’t duped items and that he skipped his final exam grinding for them. Jepexx doesn’t know about the duped items in the barrels, so when he finds them, he tries to steal them to trade with villagers. Spoke apologizes and tries to compensate with a fully maxed out kit to distract Jepexx while Mapicc breaks the barrels and burns them. Jepexx gets mad again, so they lead him out and tell him they have more emeralds for him. Mapicc starts a conversation with Jepexx while Spoke covers the trading hall with dirt to make it blend in with the hill. Once Spoke covers the trading hall up, he tells Jepexx that his trading hall disappeared and that he should probably check on his base to make sure it hasn’t disappeared. Once he leaves, they hide the rest of the duped items.

Spoke and Mapicc elytra back to spawn and decide to set an ender pearl stasis chamber. They search for a premade one and end up at 
Wemmbu's
 base, discovering his secret room under his house. They set their ender pearl stasis and head over to the second set of coordinates, a sky vault in the jungle. Once below the vault, they spot the outlines of players and their horses and decide to elytra up to check it out. The guards, 
PlanetLord
 and Leow0ok start attacking them and Spoke finds that he lost his TNT, so he and Mapicc start burning as much as the duped items as they can. Eventually, they realize that this isn’t going to work, so they retreat. 

Back on the ground, Spoke proposes an idea to use the 
orbital cannon
 to destroy the vault, because chances are, it was also made out of duped items. He leads Mapicc to the top of his prison where the orbital cannon is, but discovers that someone nuked part of the cannon. Spoke says that he thinks he knows where the builders kept the extra materials, so they head to the entrance of the prison. Once they get through the outer defenses, they ring a bell and spot pillagers arranged in arrows that point toward the items. They successfully retrieve the materials and fix the orbital cannon.

Spoke then shows Mapicc the button that will activate the orbital cannon and explains that the room they’re in was where he last saw 
JamatoP
. Mapicc presses the button and nothing happens. Spoke realizes that the cannon already went off and that they had to get to the vault before it was bombed to warn the guards. They don’t believe him, however, and start engaging with them. The orbital cannon strikes in the middle of their combat and everyone panics and elytras away from the zone. The duped items are completely gone, but the guards are furious. Spoke and Mapicc manage to knock them off of the vault, and they try to climb up a dirt pillar. Spoke threatens to shoot them off if they continue to advance and they pause. He takes the opportunity and asks them if there were any more vaults that they didn’t know about. The guards finally relent and tell them that there is a final vault. Spoke ends up shooting them off.

Spoke and Mapicc return to Mapicc’s base to discuss their plan to attack. Spoke suggests that they use the orbital cannon to strike the coordinates again. However, they are interrupted by an explosion that blows up Mapicc’s base. Spoke reasons that since the person who lit the TNT heard their conversation, they should strike the next vault now in case they told Roshambo. They activate the orbital cannon again and head to the third set of coordinates.

However when they arrive, they discover that the coordinates aren’t located at a vault, but instead at Jepexx’s base. They start a conversation with him and discover that this base meant a lot to him and that he lived here since almost the start of the server. Mapicc and Spoke fly away and Mapicc reveals to Spoke that these were the coordinates that the orbital cannon was set to strike. They decide to check if there was anything at the exact coordinates, so they dig into one of Jepexx’s wheat fields and find the actual vault under his base. Spoke reasons that Jepexx doesn’t even know that there is a vault under his field. They try to think of a solution and head down to Jepexx’s base to check things out again, but they’re too late.

The orbital cannon strikes, wiping out everything that was Jepexx’s home. Jepexx is devastated and tells Spoke to leave and that he’s done enough. Spoke and Mapicc feel very guilty, realizing that they took everything from an innocent player, and they swear never to touch the orbital cannon again, even against duped items. They resolve to find everyone who was affected by the duped items a new home at the end of this. 

Spoke and Mapicc leave Jepexx behind and head to the fourth and final set of coordinates before the final vault. There, they find a huge red and white mansion that they assume contains the duped redstone. Instead of redstone, they find a chest containing a book called “the final vault” by Roshambo. They realize that he probably already moved everything to the final vault and open the book, finding the coordinates to the final vault. Spoke knows that Roshambo is clearly up to no good because the coordinates are only a thousand blocks away from spawn. He knows for sure that there is nothing there, so they devise a plan to set an ender pearl stasis for Spoke. If anything goes wrong, Spoke tells Mapicc that he will message him and tell him to pull the stasis. 

Spoke then heads alone to the coordinates in the book and spots Roshambo. He leads him to the Soul Sand Vault, a stone wall with arrows of soul sand and wither skulls pointing into the ground. PlanetLord and Leow0ok are also stationed there, and ominously greet him. They lead him into the final vault and Spoke discovers that it isn’t a trap after all. However, when he looks into the chests, they are mostly empty, with a few containing soul sand and wither skulls arranged in the crafting recipe for a wither. Leow0ok tells him that this isn’t the real final vault and Roshambo digs out the blocks under Spoke, which drops him into an end portal. They respawn the ender dragon and several withers and tell him that this indeed was a trap all along. Roshambo and his henchmen start attacking Spoke. He messages Mapicc to pull the stasis, but it fails because the end isn’t freed from the dragon yet. 

In a voiceover, Spoke says that truthfully, he just wanted to stay there to prove to them that he could handle them, that he wasn’t afraid, when in reality, he was scared. Not of death, but of the fact that the chestplate and leggings he had on were the first and would be the last exploited items on this server and that if he lost or broke them, he would never forgive himself, as they were the only things left of Jamato. He wasn’t really sure if this was worth it anymore. 

Spoke reaches the end islands and concludes that if Roshambo, Leow0ok, and PlanetLord want to escape the end, then they would have to defeat the dragon, freeing him as well. He splashes himself with an invis potion, sneaking back to the main end island. He spots Roshambo and his henchmen getting chased by the withers. Eventually, they fly away into the void. Spoke follows them and reaches a massive end base, which he thinks is the final vault. He stalks them around the base, ending up in a giant chest room. Once his invis ran out, the Leow0ok discovers him, so he gears up for a fight, but Roshambo says that there’s no point in attacking anymore. Leow0ok asks him how he found the vault and Spoke tells them his plans. Roshambo laughs and reveals that they’re okay with trapping themselves in the end because their base was here. Spoke checks the chests and discovers that they’re all empty. 

Convinced that this is indeed the final vault, Spoke is persistent in his search despite Roshambo telling him that there is nothing here for him. Spoke then accuses them of moving the items into their ender chests, which Roshambo responds to by telling him to move on, that he was chasing a ghost. He says that finding and getting rid of the duped items wasn’t going to get Jamato back. Spoke is confused as to how he knew about Jamato, but all he gets in return is the information that the “someone” who told Roshambo (implied to be Wemmbu) was coming to kill him. Spoke argues that it’s Wemmbu who’s the bad guy, and that he tried to kill him once and would gladly do it again. Seeing no more use in staying, he flies away into the distance. 

Once back at Wemmbu’s base, Spoke tells Mapicc everything that happened. Mapicc says that it doesn’t make sense that Spoke had already found all of the vaults. Spoke tells him that they’ve already been to every single vault together… but they haven’t. Only Spoke was at the first vault, and it was the only vault Roshambo was actually at. 

They elytra to the first vault and jump into the room Roshambo was waiting for Spoke at. Spoke realizes that the lag he first experienced in the room wasn’t from all the end crystals and TNT, but from the hidden duped items. He mines into the floor but finds nothing. Then he mines into the walls and is greeted with countless barrels covering every inch of obsidian, all filled to the brim with duped items. This was the actual final vault. They start blowing up every single barrel, but Spoke stops in his tracks. He turns to Mapicc and says that if they blow everything up, Roshambo would lose all of his fortune. The big end base that was supposed to be his home would now be fair game. 

“I think we got a place to move into,” Spoke says.

Errors

In various sections of the video, the health bar switches from hardcore hearts to regular hearts.

Thumbnail

This thumbnail depicts Spoke (left) holding out a TNT and looking directly forward, with a large quantity of illegal duped items on the right. (Elytras, totems and netherite armour pieces are in stacks of 64 as well)