assassins are hunting me please help
— 
Wemmbu

How I HUNTED the Unstable SMP
 is the 42nd episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

The video begins with Wemmbu looting the 
abandoned BAT base
 until he gets attacked by three players. One of them has a full set of netherite armour. The three players build an obsidian pillar and stand over it. Wemmbu realizes why they are standing on a pillar and holds his totem of undying to survive the arrow canon. Wemmbu runs away from the base but he decides to return just to spy on one of the players who attack him. The player goes on a mining trip so Wemmbu holds his pets hostage. Wemmbu kills two of his pets but gives him one of his dogs back only to kill the dog and kill him too.

The guy in netherite armour with emerald trims then attacks Wemmbu again. After escaping, Wemmbu tries to mace him until the netherite guy pulls his stasis chamber. Wemmbu goes back to the BAT base to continue looting it and get resources in case he gets attacked again. He then heads to another base until an invisible person starts wearing armour. The invisible player tells Wemmbu that he is about to die and blows up the entire base. Wemmbu survives the explosion and gets ambushed by two invisible players. Wemmbu kills both of them using the mace and gets a free set of netherite armour along with a lodestone compass.

The lodestone compass leads to Mafia City. The netherite guy with emerald trims along with four other people without trims. The guy with trims reveals himself and it turns out that he was Wyll the entire time. Wyll tells Wemmbu to move away from where they were standing and he blows it up. Wyll tells Wemmbu that he could trust him because he could've killed him but he didn't. He then gives Wemmbu a tour around his base (aka Ash's old castle). Wyll then tells Wemmbu to kill a player named Gigasigma37. He finds him in an old house in Zam Empire and eventually kills him. Wyll tells Wemmbu that he lied and traps him into the void. Wemmbu barely manages to escape using MrCube's void trap in the old BAT base.

Wemmbu returns to Mafia City and infiltrates Wyll's group and begins stealing their resources. Wyll notices something suspicious and decides to get everyone to drink milk to reveal themselves. Wemmbu  tries to kill Wyll. He pops his totem and Wyll starts mending. Wemmbu goes back into the old Ashswagg castle to steal more of their resources. Wyll warns his team that Wemmbu may be around until he notices that Wemmbu forgot to switch his shield. They jump him and Wemmbu manages to kill all of them using an arrow cannon and just as he's about to kill Wyll, he uses a statis chamber to escape.

Trivia

The video's original title was "How I HUNTED a Hardcore Minecraft SMP" before changing it to "How I HUNTED the Unstable SMP". It was changed to "I Got HUNTED on the Unstable SMP" before being changed back to "How I HUNTED the Unstable SMP".

Navigation