I got banned on the Unstable SMP.
 
— 
Wemmbu

How I "DIED" on a Hardcore Minecraft SMP
  is the 74th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

After 
Wemmbu
 faked his own death, two people learned the truth, 
Boosfer
 and 
Boomie
, Wemmbu killed Boomie and his next goal is to get rid of Boosfer. Wemmbu needs to stay anonymous to keep his identity hidden, he's unable to go to 
Capital City
 as the owner of the potion shop there, 
Parrot
, had started getting suspicious of him being invisible, so he heads over to 
Merchant City
. He talks to one of the merchants and they explained that valuable items were sold in the inner layer of the city, so Wemmbu goes over and speaks to other merchants, who tell him that potion ingredients were all out of stock and were waiting for shipments from the Nether. The ingredients are monopolized by a team of the deadliest players in Minecraft, making these ingredients harder to come by. The merchants at the portal tell him the shipment should arrive in ten minutes, which Wemmbu has enough invis potions to wait out, while waiting, 
FlameFrags
 comes by and waits for a shipment of ender pearls. The nether guards as well as 
FerreMC
 come to receive their payment and give the merchants the shipment. Hearing that pearls were high in demand, Wemmbu trades some in exchange for the potion materials and heads out, he quickly leaves Merchant City after using up his last potion and digs in a mountain to brew more as his invisibility runs out. Once brewing enough potions to hunt Boosfer again, he plans on going back to the End dimension to talk to 
eggchan
 and ask about Boosfer's whereabouts. When he arrives in the End, instead of being greeted with 
MinuteTech
, who usually protects the End dimension, he finds 
Salvationism
 there, who was also there to hunt for Boosfer. Wemmbu goes around the island looking for Minute, instead he spots players in the base raiding it, they claim that they defeated Minute and begins to attack Wemmbu, and he lets Salvationism kill them to keep his identity hidden. They look around the base and Wemmbu sees egg hiding behind leaves, who says they were the only people who have found him. Wemmbu asks egg what happened here, in which he explains Flame came asking for Wemmbu, but Minute wouldn't tell him, so they started fighting, which caused Minute to leave the main island and hasn't returned. Wemmbu tells Salvationism to look for anymore bandits as he asks egg for information about Boosfer, who is now teamed with Flame. Wemmbu goes to tell Salvationism he knows where Boosfer is and gets them to join along.

Although Wemmbu wanted to go alone, Salvationism insisted on bringing reinforcements in Capital City since they're the leader of the guard force over there. They go to a crowded part of the city to announce a mission, nobody stops to hear them out. The next scene shows Wemmbu, Salvationism and three guards heading over to Flame's base, one haven't ever been in a fight before. They spot Flame's base and Wemmbu devises a new plan, he would scout himself and tells the guards to stand back unless told otherwise. He spots Boosfer there all alone, he sneaks up close and Boosfer hears him and steps outside and spots Wemmbu. Boosfer asks why Wemmbu is attacking him and that he's guarding his secret from Flame. While fighting, the guards come charging in, which Wemmbu didn't tell them to do so yet, but Boosfer seemed to be struggling, so he stands back to let them finish the job. As that's happening, Flame arrives back at his base and Wemmbu instructs them to run. Flame kills all of the guards and lets Salvationism runs away before focusing on Wemmbu, he decides to run away from the fight since he's unable to use any of his signature weapons while in disguise. Thinking he's in the clear, Wemmbu mends his armor when Flame and Boosfer catch up to him, Wemmbu uses his riptide trident to get reach an ocean and actually get away this time.

Wemmbu heads back to Capital City and sees that Salvationism also managed to successfully escape from the battle and they walk further into Capital City, Wemmbu doesn't even know why he's there and says he's going to deal with it himself, but Salvationism says that they're going to build a void trap in the desert. They gather up more guards this time around and tells them the plan, they begin their journey back to Flame's base and make it to the desert biome right next to the badlands biome where Flame's base is located, Wemmbu goes to Flame's base to see if he's there so they can start building the trap. Wemmbu doesn't contribute to the trap and lets Salvationism and their guard force deal with it while he played Clash Royale. After a bit, Salvationism asks Wemmbu to come help as they're scared Flame would come anytime soon while Wemmbu was in the middle of a Clash Royale match. Salvationism tells Wemmbu that he could've helped with the hole, in which Wemmbu said he isn't going to help, but is taken aback by the sheer size of the hole. Salvationism shows Wemmbu the world eater and asks for his help placing signs so they don't get suspicious, Wemmbu doesn't care to help and digs in a hole and goes back to playing Clash Royale. After a while, the signs have all been placed as well as the sand on top of it, Salvationism asks Wemmbu to bait them towards the trap. 

Wemmbu goes over to the base and stands there, they ask why he's back, he pots up and targets Boosfer specifically. Flame asks Boosfer why he should keep helping him out and asks for leads on where Wemmbu is, Boosfer lies and says he'll tell Flame if he kills the invisible person. As soon as Flame jumps on Wemmbu, he riptide tridents out and towards the direction of the trap. Wemmbu runs into the trap zone and experiences a lag spike, Flame managed to save himself from falling into the trap using cobwebs, as Boosfer saves himself by landing on the edge of the trap. Flame begins to fight the guards, Wemmbu gets a few hits in before deciding to target Boosfer again. Flame starts to struggle and asks Boosfer for help, Boosfer is struggling himself but is still able to tell Flame where a small stash is located inside of the walls, which gave him enough gear to kill off the rest of the guard force as well as Salvationism. 

Wemmbu now being the only one alive, goes towards a waterfall and riptides up it, briding up and across the void, attempting to fishing rod Boosfer off, or using anything to knock him off in general. For the last time, Flame asks Boosfer where Wemmbu is otherwise he's going to kill him. Now out of the trap, Wemmbu and Flame fight each other while Boosfer spectates. Wemmbu asks Flame if he enjoys working for Boosfer, but he's only working with him to figure out where a friend is, and Wemmbu asks if Boosfer has given any proof of said information and that he's been helping Boosfer and killed off an entire army all for information that Boosfer may not even have. 

They both realize that they're fighting for nothing, Boosfer tries to push the blame onto Flame saying that they pulled the trap on Flame and not him, but Wemmbu counters the argument by saying he's apart of Capital City and that they only wanted Flame dead is because he's working with Boosfer and that they didn't have anything against him. Flame finally realizes that Boosfer has been lying about having leads on Wemmbu, and Boosfer says that he's closer to finding Wemmbu than he thinks. Wemmbu and Flame start to attack Boosfer, Boosfer runs back to Flame's base where he uses an escape tunnel Flame made for him. Dropping down, Wemmbu fails the clutch and pops a totem, revealing his identity for a second, he splashes invis again seconds before Flame drops down and fails the clutch too. Boosfer runs down the tunnel and blocks it off behind him, the two keep running down the tunnel, Boosfer runs out of blocks and tells Flame that 
ClownPierce
 killed Wemmbu last second before entering a Nether portal, Wemmbu tells Flame to break the portal with water as he pearls into the portal, which instantly sends him into the Nether. The screen turns black and Boosfer can be heard cheering as Wemmbu takes ticks of damage.