elytra-macing is overpowered
— 
Wemmbu

How I SURVIVED the Unstable SMP
 is the 38th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

While talking, 
Wemmbu
 gets threatened by a person in iron armour, who he then kills with his mace. Wemmbu and 
Eggchan
 mine for basic armour and materials. They attempt to find leather to make an enchanting table however they realized that mobs don't spawn in the server. Eggchan suggests that they find the base of the guy who threatened to kill Wemmbu. As soon as they arrive to the base, Eggchan distracts the people in the team while Wemmbu steals anything valuable from them. Wemmbu finds 5 leather and notices Eggchan getting robbed. Wemmbu grabs Eggchan and they run from them. Wemmbu kills almost everyone in the team but one of the members.

They head back to the village/base from the team they robbed from and enchant their gear. They head closer to spawn to get more books to get better enchantments. Upon their journey to spawn they find lots of structures that have been looted until they find a base that appears operational with stacked players in it too. Wemmbu spots cows in their base so they attempt to steal two cows from them. While doing so, Wemmbu and Eggchan make a base and try digging under the cow patch to steal two cows. The team's leader spots oddly placed cobblestone and they find Wemmbu and Eggchan. They all chase Wemmbu and he eventually kills one of them. He uses their weakest member as leverage to get them to stop trying to kill him. Wemmbu steals some of the books in their enchanting table and they start trying to kill him again. The team is fed up on the leader forcing them to follow his orders so they decide to kill him instead of Wemmbu.

Eggchan tells Wemmbu to stop risking himself doing other things instead of achieving their goals. He tells Wemmbu he won't watch his rematch against 
FlameFrags
 because he's leaving to focus on his studies and gives Wemmbu his armour, elytra and rockets before logging off. 

Wemmbu returns to the base ready to wipe out the entire team and notices them hosting a funeral for their leader and expressing how much they hate him. He then kills everyone else in the team and loots the entire base. 

Wemmbu enters Flame's house and tells him that he wants a rematch since 
he lost to him the last time they fought
. Wemmbu's totem pops as FlameFrags combos him but he goes to a more open space and starts macing Flame. Wemmbu breaks Flame's shield and almost kills him before Flame enters his house. Wemmbu begins griefing Flame's house to try to kill him. Flame exits his house again to splash Wemmbu with slow falling before he can mace him. Eventually they agree to stop fighting because the fight would've taken a long time if they continued. They start arguing over who won the fight until the video cuts to Flame giving Wemmbu a tour of his house.   

Trivia

This is the shortest Unstable Universe video as it is less than 25 minutes long.

This video was originally titled "How I SURVIVED a Hardcore Minecraft SMP" before being changed to "How I SURVIVED the Unstable SMP"

Navigation