trapped in a tiny world
— 
Wemmbu

How I Escaped Minecraft's Largest Prison
 is the 14th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

The episode starts off with a recap of last episode’s ending. 
Wemmbu
 and 
PrinceZam
 are kidnapped and forced into an obsidian box with no roof, containing a hyperrealistic world simulating normal Minecraft with the same biomes and features as the real game. They are each given three totems for their indefinite stay.

Wemmbu collects a bit of wood before Zam finds him and immediately starts attacking him. He pops all three of Wemmbu’s totems before he manages to escape. Wemmbu explores the world and gears himself up before 
ClownPierce
, their captor, announces that a few new prisoners are joining them. He heads to the place where he spawned in by an ender pearl cannon to kill the new players for their totems, but instead, 
Eggchan
 drops into the world. He says that he was with 
Pangi
, a former 
Zam Empire
 guard, during the security checks. He only has one totem, though. They build a trap for Pangi and get Wemmbu his totem. 

Wemmbu and Egg build a rough draft of a skybase in a corner of the world away from Zam and get themselves iron armor. They run into Zam, who has half diamond armor, and Pangi. Zam offers them to join the 
Zam Empire 2.0
, but Wemmbu declines, and they start fighting. Zam has a Flame and Power bow, and Wemmbu and Egg realise that they are extremely undergeared. They barely make it out alive and return to home base. 

Wemmbu dives underground to get diamond gear while Egg starts making a creeper farm for gunpowder. They want to escape the prison by using an ender pearl cannon because that was the method Clown used to get them into the prison, and that there are certainly 
chunk bans
 behind the walls. 

Wemmbu resurfaces from his mining excursion right in the middle of the Zam Empire 2.0. He investigates the empire and steals some semi-useful resources when he sees that Zam and Pangi aren’t there. He returns to Egg and tells him the news. They craft diamond armor and start fishing for enchantments. Egg catches a Protection III book, a Looting book, an Infinity and a Power IV bow, and other random enchants while Wemmbu comes up empty-handed.

Their fishing trip is quickly interrupted by Clown announcing that he will send a juggernaut into the prison to kill them. If they manage to pop his totem, he will teleport away and they’ll be safe. Wemmbu and Egg head to the Zam Empire 2.0 to negotiate a temporary peace treaty. Zam says that they can team up if they put the Zam Empire insignia onto their shields. Egg accepts but Wemmbu refuses, so they start fighting again.

The juggernaut, 
FerreMC
, Clown’s right-hand man, attacks them. They decide to team up anyway, and eventually pop Ferre’s totem, along with his helmet, with no deaths.

Wemmbu and Egg go back to building their creeper farm. They head to the Zam Empire 2.0 to spy, and see that Zam has obtained obsidian and created a nether portal. Pangi goes through and is chunk banned. Wemmbu tells Egg to get the obsidian with his charm, but he only succeeds in making friends with Zam. Seeing that Zam has obsidian, it won’t be long until he has maxed out gear from an enchanting table. 

Wemmbu and Egg head back to their dysfunctional creeper farm and realise that they need Zam’s help to fix it. Wemmbu jumps Zam in his villager trading hall and asks him to help with their creeper farm, as well as how he got obsidian and villagers, since there is no village or lava pool  in this prison. He says that he got the obsidian from a raid and that zombie villagers spawn in here. He agrees to help them with their creeper farm and form a temporary alliance. He tells them that with the amount of gunpowder they need (two and a half stacks), they could use an alternative method and just get it the old-fashioned way, by killing creepers.

They reach the creeper farm and Zam inspects it. He tells Egg to never use the tutorial he did again. The only advice he comes up with is to make it larger, since the spawn area is too small. They head back to the Zam Empire 2.0, but are met with a surprise. Clown announces that he knows about their escape plans, and that since a certain someone in the prison is so obsessed with 
orbital cannons
, he’d send them a little gift.

Not five seconds after, a ball of TNT strikes the Zam Empire 2.0. Multiple orbital cannon shots strike the base. Wemmbu digs underground to hide from the explosives. Once the detonations end, there is nothing left of the Zam Empire 2.0. 

Zam starts blaming everything on Wemmbu, that the entire reason he has nothing left is because Wemmbu came knocking on his door that day when he wanted Zam’s help to catch 
SpokeIsHere
. He not only blew up his first empire, but also caused the second one to be decimated. Wemmbu tells him that Clown wouldn’t let Zam kill him just to mess with them for his own personal enjoyment. He takes off all of his armor, and sure enough, Clown’s voice sounds again, this time announcing another juggernaut attack. 

Realising that now they have a bigger enemy to deal with, Zam and Wemmbu team up again for the time being. Since they don’t have Pangi to help this time, they decide to sacrifice some of their gunpowder to cart Ferre. Ferre soon arrives, and a fight ensues. After a while, Ferre tells them to pause and drop all of their carts, because apparently they aren’t allowed to have them. Zam distracts Ferre while Wemmbu charges up his bow and they pop Ferre’s totem from a cart. He is teleported out. 

Zam tells Wemmbu that he’ll leave them alone again if they don’t come bother him. However, their peace is interrupted when Clown says that there will be new prisoners joining them. They head towards the entrypoint and see Zam giving a speech to the prisoners, 
_Kenadian_
, LuckyMixx, 
Spepticle
, 
loppezz
, 
SykerMC
, and 
Dol9hin
. He says that they will rebuild the Zam Empire, but shows no interest in escaping. Wemmbu tells everyone that they have an escape plan, and if anyone joins them, they can escape them as well. 

Wemmbu and Egg recruit _Kenadian_, a master escapist, LuckyMixx, and Spepticle to their team. They ask Kenadian what he knows about this prison, and he tells them that he doesn’t have an escape plan. They fill him in on their plans and ask him if it will work. He says that he doesn’t know anything about TNT mechanics, and that they’ll have to calculate the distance they need to shoot the ender pearl. They end up with about 350 blocks. 

LuckyMixx logs off and Wemmbu gears up Kenadian and Spepticle while Egg wanders about. He spots Zam’s team approaching and they prepare for battle. Zam attacks, but after exchanging blows, finally sees that Clown simply won’t let him kill Wemmbu, so retreats. 

Wemmbu and his team can finally work in peace, so Kenadian builds the design with redstone components, honey blocks, active rails, an anvil, and other components. He briefs Wemmbu and Egg on how it works: an ender pearl is thrown along the side of the honey blocks while the piston pushes them up and down. The rails are angled to shoot the pearl, and when a lever is flicked, the ender pearl will be shot by the exploding TNT across the chunk bans and to freedom.

Spepticle goes out once it’s night to gather ender pearls for all four of them and some extra TNT. However, as he is swimming up the water to the machine, Clown tells them that he sees their escape attempt and has to put a stop to it. He teleports the newcomers away through preset ender pearl stases and releases his guards into the prison to break the machine. 

The ender pearls that Wemmbu and Egg needed to both escape were with Spepticle, who is now gone, leaving them with only one ender pearl. Wemmbu reasons that the only way they can both escape is if they stall the guards until nighttime, then collect a pearl for Egg and escape. However, the guards arrive sooner than expected, and, knowing that only one of them can escape, Egg tells Wemmbu to go. They exchange bows and he gives Wemmbu his totem in case things go awry. Egg stalls the guards as Wemmbu crafts and sets up all of the TNT carts and the ender pearl, then pulls the lever.

The TNT explodes and the ender pearl flies out of sight, but nothing happens. Wemmbu falls to the ground and the guards immediately swarm on him. He tries to fight, but the guards end up popping his totem. Knowing that he’s probably going to be taken prisoner again as well, Wemmbu gives up and surrenders, putting away his weapon. Before the guards can take him away, though, everything goes black. 

The pearl flies all the way across the inner obsidian wall, through the obsidian spikes, through the chunk bans, through the outer wall, all the way to the other side. 

Egg messages Wemmbu that the guards have captured him, but Wemmbu quickly runs away from the prison and towards freedom.

Trivia

The title of this video used to be "Can I Escape Minecraft's Largest Prison?", but was changed to the current title.

Loppezz was killed by Dol9hin in this video and was kept in most likely as a blooper.

Thumbnail

This thumbnail depicts 
Wemmbu
 (left) crouching with a diamond pickaxe in his hand, facing a 
huge structure
. It is worth noting that the Eye of Sauron, from the Lord of the Rings franchise, is atop the tower for an unknown reason.