wemmbu
 becomes the hero.. kinda
— 
Wemmbu

How I SAVED the Unstable SMP
 is the 47th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

Wemmbu
 travels to a stronghold to go to the end to get elytras and sell them to get rich. Upon entering a stronghold, he finds out there are people living in there. He meets 
Baablu
 in the stronghold. As Wemmbu finds the stronghold, Baablu tells him not to enter the portal because someone is keeping it for themselves. Baablu wants Wemmbu to respawn the ender dragon but he needs end crystals. Wemmbu and Baablu set their stasises and head to the 
Wormhole Vault
. They finally find the end crystals in a stash and leave the vault via stasis chamber. 

Wemmbu goes in to the end and meets 
MinuteTech
. Minute asks why Wemmbu is in the end. Wemmbu tells Minute he has to respawn the ender dragon. Wemmbu attempts to respawn the ender dragon but Minute wont let him so he tries to kill Minute. During the fight, Wemmbu spawns withers to distract Minute. Baablu enters the end to fight Minute. Minute warns Wemmbu about what he's about to do but Wemmbu respawns the dragon anyways. Wemmbu helps Baablu kill Minute now that he successfully respawned the dragon until 
Fantst
 appears out of nowhere and begins attacking Wemmbu. Baablu reveals that he was just using Wemmbu to respawn the dragon.

Wemmbu and Minute head to the outer end islands. Minute explains that Baablu wants to respawn the ender dragon so that they can duplicate them and destroy spawn completely. Wemmbu didn't care about saving spawn although he did care about Fantst and Baablu being on the same team. Wemmbu and Minute realize they could've won the fight if they didn't waste their resources on fighting each other. Wemmbu and Minute get jumped by members of Fantst's team and they try to escape the fight due to minimal resources but they follow them. Wemmbu and Minute manage to kill all of them except for one. 

Wemmbu and Minute search for an unlooted end city and after travelling 100k blocks away from the main end island, they find 2 unlooted end cities, one of them with a ship. They loot the end city but they were followed by the same person who they spared due to lack of resources. They then get jumped by Fantst, Baablu and the rest of the team. Wemmbu and Minute get geared enough and they manage to fight them off. They head to the main end island and restock before returning and heading to the main end island.

They notice there are now 3 ender dragons. Wemmbu maces one of them and almost kills it. Fantst, Baablu and their entire attempt to kill Wemmbu and Minute. They kill some people in their team and pop all of Fantst and Baablu's totems. Fantst escapes along with everyone else who hasn't been killed in their team. Wemmbu goes back to the overworld now that his job is done.