For months, a mysterious player called The Director has been terrorizing our team. But, I won't stop until I uncover their true identity. This is Hunting a Minecraft Player Who Doesn't Exist. 
— 
ParrotX2

Hunting a Minecraft Player Who Doesn't Exist
 is the 45th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.  

Plot

The video starts with the ending of I Got Hunted by a Minecraft Hacker, where 
BAT
 chase the director across the destroyed BAT headquarters. Eventually, 
The Director
 used a 
Ender Pearl Cannon
 and asked Parrot not to follow. Ignoring the warning, BAT followed. The Director is seen waiting in an obsidian room, and questions why Parrot follow him. Regardless of their answer, The Director activate a trap with multiple Full Netherite Zombies to attack them. Despite this, BAT managed to escape the trap by killing all the zombies, getting the extremely rare Netherite gear in the process. When going out, Parrot wonders how the Director get all the Netherite, considering the Mafia had mined out nearly all of the netherite on the server.

BAT then went to the Redstone Town, with the intention of finding out who the Director is by asking 
4CVIT
 to list out every mass buyers. 4C mentioned about recent mass buyers, and said that he cannot list them out due to privacy. Parrot then bribed 4CVIT with a shulker of netherite gear they obtained from the aforementioned zombies, and he mentioned about a invisible guy in armor similar to The Director coming from and walking away in a certain direction.

Parrot then hides and ambushes the buyer. When the buyer came, Parrot and his small team began to stealthily chase the buyer into an abandoned town, where they decide to strike. Eventually they forced the buyer to reveal himself, revealing to be 
MrCube6
, who claims he is the director. BAT then decides to kill him when he never give any information, before the actual Director come and criticized MrCube. The Director gave one last warning to not chase him, in which Parrot still did. The Director said that they would have to guess who he is in 2 weeks or else bad things will happen. 

The Director then set off TNT, prompting BAT to fly up. Parrot's elytra broke on the way up, and began falling to his death. However, 
JumperWho
 showed up and dropped Parrot an elytra, saving him. JumperWho was accepted to BAT again. She eventually led BAT to her Void Base, which just happens to be in the same abandoned town Parrot and The Director first met. After giving a tour, Jumper asked BAT on what to do, which Parrot replies with the deal The Director made. BAT then decides to find out who the Director is with the help of Jumper. On one day, one of Jumper’s spies gave Parrot a book mentioning on The Director meeting with him in a week, and he could choose a place where he wants as he will always be watching where he is. Parrot then sees invis particles and told BAT to lockdown the base to find out who was inside their base.

Over the next few days, strange things began to happen to the base. Parrot, convinced that he is the Director, decided to chase after him. He is later revealed to be 
Spoke
 who claims to be the director. BAT corners Spoke and starts to interrogate him. Spoke explains that he doesn't know anything about the director, and that the hunt was all a waste of time. Just as BAT tries to kill him, Spoke eats a chorus fruit, leading to his escape.

With time being spent on hunting Spoke, Parrot only had a few days left before the meeting. Parrot then decides to ask the spies to cover every suspicious person while the Director is speaking to Parrot. At the end of the meeting, the Director "accidentally" held up Spoke’s chestplate, making Parrot suspicious that Spoke is the Director. However, Jumper said that Spoke is doing his normal things while Parrot has his meeting. Parrot is suspicious on Jumper, but after doing a trust test, BAT calms Parrot down.

In the last week, Parrot decides to spy on Spoke, but to no avail. On the last day though, 
Leow0ok
 sent Jumper and 
Derapchu
 to find any leads of the Director, but when they leave, he said that Parrot does not care about BAT and is simply only caring about chasing the director. He then attacks Parrot. He mentions how BAT was normal and rich until Parrot came. Parrot falls into the void using slow falling potions, but without fireworks or anything, he slowly drifts into the void with his elytra. He then talks to Leow0ok about his fate and how he misses him being supportive, but Leow0ok did not listen. Parrot then mentions on a phrase that Leo once said, which calms Leo down and saves him from being voided.

Parrot tells Leo to leave. Parrot decides to go back to the house he and 
Wifies
 made in the snow biome. Derapchu and Jumper managed to find him and questions why he wasn’t in the base, which Parrot said about the fight he has with Leow0ok. Eventually, the Director came. He proved again his superiority over Parrot by revealing him that the flash of the chestplate was done on purpose. Derapchu and Jumper chase him down, only to fall in powdered snow in The Director's trap. Desperate, Parrot finds Leo in the former BAT base and asked him to save Derapchu and Jumper, which he declines until Parrot made an offer to no longer chase the Director if he does, which Leo agrees. 

Parrot came up with a plan where Leo would fly on a Happy Ghast to save Jumper and Derapchu, while Parrot guesses who the Director is. Derapchu and Jumper is suprised to see Leo and initially declines to be saved, until Leo said he made terms with Parrot. Meanwhile, Parrot talks to the Director which he chose not to guess who the Director is. The Director then brings Parrot back to his house, asking Parrot to make the dog stand up, and when Parrot tries the dog doesn't do so, making Parrot realize that the dog inside of the house was not his. Parrot then again asks The Director what happened to Wifies, leading to The Director to drink a milk bucket and reveal that he is indeed Wifies and explains that he sends assassins to "kill" but yet spare Parrot, because he only wanted to study how Parrot works and behaves. Wifies then explains to him how he faked his death. He also explains that Parrot was never in any real danger, and he did everything to protect him. Then he reveals his plan to "create a world where nobody has to worry about dying ever again". He asks Parrot to follow him. Parrot refuses, saying that Wifies obviously isn't gonna kill him if he doesn't. Wifies says that while that's true, he will not hesitate to kill Parrots friends. Parrot, realizing that Wifies has changed, follows him.

Analysis

In the video, The Director wasted hundreds of fully trimmed sets of netherite on a zombie trap that didn’t even work. Netherite is extremely rare, since The Mafia (And probably The Director who is Wifies) mined all of it to a long distance out in the nether. Wifies turns out to be The Director, so who knows how rich he really is. He also had zombie spawn eggs (which should be unobtainable), and was able to control 
TruOriginal
 the hacker, which proves he is super rich and has contact with "server admins" that we still don't know today.

Navigation