where is wemmbu
— FlameFrags

Hunting a Minecraft Player Who Went Missing
 is the 68th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.  

Plot

The episode starts from the end of the last episode, Flame questions _keycapper of who told him of 
Wemmbu's
 death. He tells Flame that a player named  "
Luke4472
" told him. Flame starts asking players on the streets of the whereabouts of Luke4472 but everyone runs away from him.  A player named "SpringMike" attacks him and Flame kills him in 2 hits. After a while, a player named "
The_Codmaster14
" tries telling Flame he doesn't know anything about Luke4472. Eventually the player leads Flame to Luke4472's base. Flame points out the obvious banner of the 
Skullhound Bandits
, suggesting he got captured or even worse, killed. The player persuades Flame to help him find out what happened to Luke4472.      

Flame follows a path of gravel that eventually leads to a railway track. Flame makes an inference that Luke got intercepted by bandits while he was on the railway tracks. Flame decides he's going to let the bandits capture them. The_Codmaster14 is forced to go first as he is the bait. They notice a brick wall that's guarded by 3 bandits. They demand Flame to drop his sword. Flame refuses but instead places an ender chest and places it inside. The bandits now demand Flame to drop all of his ender chest's contents but Flame also refuses. They threaten Flame to take him hostage. Flame embraces and demands to be taken hostage. Flame also demands the bandits to take The_Codmaster14 too. They are escorted to a staircase and forced to live in an obsidian box. The bandits said that Flame is going to rot in the box until he decides to drop all of his ender chest's contents. Flame asks them where is Luke. The bandits said there is no Luke. In return Flame starts singing and The_Codmaster14 starts making even more singing. Flame said that he thought there was going to be another prisoner. The_Codmaster14 said the bandits are going to kill them. The_Codmaster14 demands Flame to make a plan. One of the players named  AlbertJustice_ starts insulting The_Codmaster14's skin saying his skin is 'chopped'. The bandit demands them to drop their armor, Flame agrees to drop it, but then kills him as he is organizing his inventory. The other bandits ran away seeing their comrade's death.      

Flame ransacks their outpost and finds Luke's armor, showing more proof of that Luke was here. Flame notes down Luke's armor trim which is redstone trim with wild armor trim on iron armor. Flame says that the sweet berries are suspicious due to the berries being a horrendous food source, he hints at the fact that they could've passed through a taiga, but The_Codmaster14 argues that idea is dumb. Flame argues that they should find the nearest taiga but The_Codmaster14 says that could be anywhere. Flame then resorted to making fun of his skin, he argues that Flame is reaching and connecting berries to a taiga is like connecting a fish to an ocean. Flame calls The_Codmaster14 a chicken, and he insults Flame by saying he is only good at PvP. The_Codmaster14 says Flame is chasing shadows, and Flame says that he would've done nothing and given up by now and if that's not the case, and to formulate a plan right now. He argues that his plans are reliant to hope. The_Codmaster14 says he wants to restart and Flame says for him to shut up. He starts protesting saying they wasted their time, so they part ways. Flame finds a banner belonging to the Skullhound Bandits. Flame keeps walking for presumably five hundred or so blocks. Flame finds three random players by the names of AdvancedKathrin, Elm_0Paid2 and VanadiumBaldine. The group says they're searching for a certain group of bandits. Flame asks them how much of  the area they're familiar with. They respond with most of the area. Flame asks them to tell them the areas where bandits reside. They ask for payment. Flame offers some armor. They demand Flame's full set of Netherite Armor. The group tells Flame the bandits are at from the Northwest Region the exact same way Flame came from. Frustrated, Flame attacks them. Flame chases Elm_0Paid2; the group's leader. Flame chases him down into a hole as he doesn't have silk touch on his pickaxe. Elm_0Paid2 drops Flame the map. Flame goes northwest. Flame feels bad as northwest was the correct direction so he attacked them for no reason at all.     

Flame sees a huge amount of bandits guarding Luke. Flame uses his wolf rod to kill all the bandits garrisoned there. A total of 8 bandits. Flame frees Luke and asks him where did he learn about the supposed death of Wemmbu. Luke answered he was told by a player named 
MinuteTech
, the guardian of the End. Flame decides to go to the nearest stronghold which had a convenient Trial Chamber infused with it. So Flame geared up in the trial chamber; repairing his armor preparing to fight if Minute didn't tell him. When Flame and Luke arrived at the end, Flame kills a player who is talking to Minute. Minute; infuriated Flame, and they slip into a battle which had Luke glazing himself. Eventually Flame won by forcing Minute to run back into a end gateway. Flame decided to not pursue as the end gateway could be trapped. Frustrated, Flame decided to go back through the return portal of the End. Flame at his base is approached by a player named 
Boosfer
. According to Boosfer, he says he has information regarding Wemmbu.     

Trivia

The person who voices _keycapper at the beginning is different from the one at the end of the previous video.