boosfer bro
— 
FlameFrags

Hunting a Minecraft Player Who Disappeared
 is the 72nd episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

The video begins with a recap of 
Flame's
 identity and his fight against 
Wemmbu
 and about a rumor of Wemmbu's death.

Flame demands 
Boosfer
 to tell him what happened to Wemmbu. Boosfer in return demanded for payment Flame didn't have. Boosfer then ordered Flame to work for him to get information about Wemmbu. Flame reluctantly agrees. Boosfer demands Flame brew some potions to be ready for battle. He also ordered Flame to repair his armor and gear up for battle, Flame travels to 
Merchant City
 to acquire some ender pearls but since ender pearls are a Nether resource, and Nether resources are monopolized by a player named 
ClownPierce
 and his team, the ender pearl booth was out of stock. Therefore, Flame had to wait. Flame meets a player named 
The Invisible Knight.
 The nether shipment finally arrives and the guards at Merchant City are forced to bow down to 
FerreMC
, Clown's right-hand man. Flame receives the items and travels back to his base to find out Boosfer placing a bunch of Boosfer banners around his base.

When Flame had arrived back, Flame found Boosfer getting tossed around like a baby by The Invisible Knight and 
Capital City
 general 
Salvationism
 leading an army to kill Boosfer. As soon as Flame arrives they retreat leaving The Invisible Knight and Salvationism as the sole survivors. Flame asks Boosfer to give him his promised information on Wemmbu but Boosfer refuses stating that the players were there for Flame not him. Boosfer also added that was not his plan. Boosfer then offers Flame to retrieve him a helmet from 
ParrotX2
 as a favor. Boosfer states that Parrot has too many colors on his skin and he "pisses him off". Flame asks him if he retrieves the helmet, will he receive the information about Wemmbu. Boosfer dodges the question. Flame then travels to 
Capital City
 to meet Parrot in his potion shop. Parrot sighs as he meets Flame. Flame then demands Parrot to drop his potions then his helmet. Parrot questions him on the fact that he's demanding his helmet. Parrot asks him why Flame is asking for his helmet. Parrot realizes Flame is getting "Bossed around" stating that "The great Immortal demon getting bossed around by a random player". Parrot says Flame could tell him who it is and that he is an open-book. Flame replies with "Boosfer". Parrot starts laughing at Flame's reply. 

Flame getting frustrated starts getting violent at Parrot for making fun of him. Parrot says Boosfer is using him and Boosfer knows nothing about what happened to wemmbu and Boosfer is trying to get his get-back on him. Parrot states if Flame takes all his potions he becomes a "Boosfer henchmen" because Flame is getting bossed around by Boosfer. Parrot then drops Flame his helmet stating that if Flame takes his helmet he is an independent person but if he takes the helmet he is just another Boosfer Henchmen. Parrot then states the fight Flame wishes to seek is probably closer to Flame then he thinks. Parrot drops a quote from 
Wifies
: "You need me more than I need you."

Flame sees the horrendous new room Boosfer made that is basically a Boosfer shrine. Flame drops Boosfer Parrot's helmet then asking Boosfer for information about wemmbu. Boosfer keeps dodging the question stating he maybe will give the information. Boosfer thinks Flame gave him a fake helmet as the helmet had just Unbreaking III. Boosfer  then refuses to give Flame the information as the helmet was trash. Boosfer then demands Flame to build him an escape tunnel so he doesn't die in a future fight against The Invisible Knight and Capital City. Boosfer forces Flame to build an escape tunnel down to bedrock (Y -64). Boosfer splashes Flame with strength rather than haste to quicken the process. Flame builds a Nether Portal at the end of tunnel. Flame starts questioning Boosfer about the fact that he really has the information Flame wants. Flame starts critting out Boosfer frustrated of his lack of information on Wemmbu.

The invisible Knight appears behind Flame. The Invisible Knight starts killing Boosfer, but Flame doesn't jump in until Boosfer promises to give him information he wants. Flame finally jumps in, but The Invisible Knight splashes Flame with weakness. The Invisible Knight leads Flame into a sand pit trap but the trap fails to kill either. Flame jumps into the pit and fights the horde of players lead by Salvationism. Boosfer also jumps in the pit eager to kill the horde. Eventually the horde of players are massacred by Flame and Boosfer leaving The Invisible Knight as the sole survivor. Flame starts chasing  the Invisible Knight but he is able to persuade Flame to turn on Boosfer. Both start chasing Boosfer but Boosfer escapes via escape tunnel that he forced Flame to build.

Trivia

For some reason, Flame removed Wemmbu, Clown, and Ferre from the description.

This thumbnail is ridiculously similar to a couple in the Finding Wemmbu arc.