On the Unstable SMP, I have almost lost it all. My home was destroyed, my friends have left me, and now my life is on the line.
— 
SpokeIsHere

I Almost Got BANNED from the Unstable SMP...
 is the 95th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

Spoke
 looks down at 
Quackenstein123
 and his families base as 
Leow0ok
 and his group of spies blow the entire base up in search of their armor pieces. Before making a run for it, one of the spies shows Leo where Spoke and the family are hiding and they run down an escape tunnel. 
Mapicc
 waits for them at the end and they boat away, the spies catch up to them easily, so they dig into a cave and Spoke sends the family through a Nether portal for their safety. Spoke breaks the portal, Leo, 
JumperWho
, and their team of spies come in shortly after and forces Spoke to do an inventory check with his entire inventory and ender chest. They find no armor pieces, Jumper still defends Spoke due to lack of proof that he has the armor. Leo takes Spoke to spawn to hand him over to 
The Law
 and they go to the Northern Council to see 
LettuceK
 have his speech. When Lettuce brings 
Wemmbu
 out, Spoke gets the idea to have Wemmbu kill Leo for him. After the speech, Spoke pearls into the crowd, losing sight of Leo and goes invisible and follows The Law and Wemmbu on their way back to the prison, splashing them with invisibility, but loses track of Wemmbu immediately after. Spoke meets back up with Mapicc, who has infiltrated 
B.A.T.
 as one of their spies, and they go towards The Law's base, Spoke gets Mapicc to do a report of the entire building and routine of every guard. Spoke finds Leo near spawn and eavesdrops on his conversation with a spy, he follows them around and hears Leo asking players on where Spoke could be. Leo and the spy head to The Law's base and talks to Lettuce for a bit before heading towards Jumper's vault. Spoke follows along, watching Leo and Jumper in the middle of the vault from afar. Spoke then crafts a bunch of chests and bridges above them, planning to kill Leo. As he places a dripstone, a water droplet drips down and Leo notices, Spoke escapes without anybody seeing.

Spoke returns outside of The Law's base and Mapicc has his report of the prison, they dig into the prison using a blind spot and Spoke makes it into the prison. He finds Wemmbu and presented the offer of letting Wemmbu out if he completed his favor, but Wemmbu didn't want to work with Spoke. Spoke says the offer still stands before heading up and getting out. After days, Wemmbu made no progress in escaping and he couldn't find a time to get Leo alone to kill him, so he heads back to the vault and finds a message by Leo that says he needs guards to protect his spawn point at the 
old B.A.T. Headquarters
. Spoke flies towards the direction said in the book and finds blocks recently broken inside of the base and finds Leo's hidden base with a pearl stasis inside of it. Spoke makes up his mind on what he wants to do and goes back to the prison and breaks Wemmbu and the rest of the prisoners out. As they make it out the prison, the Netherite mercenaries arrive and Wemmbu runs, in which Spoke and 
PrinceZam
 run from as well. Spoke, Zam, and Mapicc head back to the 
B.A.T. Headquarters
 in the 
amplified
 lands where Wemmbu finds them again. Wemmbu asks for a favor, but Spoke wants Wemmbu for his favor first, and so they head to the other B.A.T. base and pulls Leo's stasis, Leo somehow manages to survive a mace attack from a big height and all of them start attack Leo, who seemed unfazed about being jumped by multiple people. As Leo's armor begins to break, Spoke's invisibility runs out, which was Leo's plan the whole time. After Leo caught Spoke, he stasises away. It was never about the armor, it was to see when Spoke was desperate enough to make a mistake and prove that Spoke was guilty. Spoke knows that the rest of B.A.T. would come, and he waits for them there as he has nothing else left to lose.

Trivia

Lettuce and loppezz are not credited in the description despite being in the video.

PrinceZam posted a screenshot on Twitter showing that he played TrucksandTrains in the video.