Immortal P2
— 
FlameFrags

I Almost DIED on a Hardcore Minecraft SMP
 is the 57th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

The episode starts with 
Flame
 immediately being teleported into a trap that would drop him into the void. Flame clutches and saves himself, but 
LettuceK
 and his group of lawmen start to shoot at him to try and knock him down. Flame places a block above, but they start to use TNT to destroy the blocks, Flame thinks quickly and uses wind charges to knock the TNT off the block he is standing on. It destroys all the buttons and he's able to place ender chests above him, which are not affected by TNT explosions. While digging up, he restocks and kills half the lawmen before they decide to run away. 
Jaden_MAN
 shows up behind right after, Flame thinks he's there to kill him, but Jaden says he's over the entire situation and wants Flame to help get him full Netherite in exchange for giving away his mace. While they're heading to the location of a town, 
The Law
 sets off a TNT minecart trap which failed to kill Flame. The Law had learned to use carts in combat, but run out and is forced to run away. One of the lawmen had a Netherite helmet, which completed a fourth of the full set Jaden had requested.

Flame and Jaden make it to the town located inside of a mountain. Flame thinks they're there to trade for the Netherite, but Jaden informs Flame that he's a pirate and that he intends on stealing from the town. They quickly rob the town before The Law shows up, he ends up getting Netherite leggings from a player and gives it to Jaden. As soon as the robbery is done, The Law shows back up and attacks Flame, they go outside and spawn a Wither to help fight. Flame starts to mole in a cave and use TNT to do tons of damage, Lettuce and his lawmen are afraid of the tactic and backs off. Flame doesn't understand how The Law is finding them, and Jaden says they might just be following them and Flame accuses Jaden of telling them of his location, but Jaden reminds Flame that they're best friends and that he wouldn't betray. Flame says they should head to The Law's base and kill all of them, especially Lettuce to get Jaden his full set of Netherite. 

They head to The Law's base and Lettuce notices them and gets his guards to attack, some lawmen die and Lettuce instructs them all to head back into the base. Flame chases and is knocked into an obsidian box by an invisible player. Flame thinks they only tried to kill him with a dripstone at the bottom, but then hundreds of TNT start dropping down into the box, in which Lettuce claims is impossible to survive. Lettuce is shocked to see that Flame survived it, so they activate phase two of the trap: Wardens. Flame kills the first Warden, and they bring out two at once, and Flame kills both of them. With no other traps, Lettuce and his guards jump in to kill Flame themselves. Flame calls out for Jaden, but Jaden doesn't answer and runs away. Lettuce reveals that Jaden had been with The Law the entire time, they struck a deal to set Flame up, and every time Flame ran into The Law was because Jaden lead him to them. Flame gets constantly hit by slow falling arrows and gets drained of his resources while waiting for the effect to wear off. Once the effect wears off, Flame pearls out from one of the holes and drops a few more guards. Flame has a standoff with Lettuce and tells Lettuce that he failed to kill him, The Law tried to use TNT, Wardens, and even his own best friend against him and is still standing. Flame is ready to fight more, but Lettuce and his men say they're good and walk off.

Trivia

This episode shows that Flame shows empathy towards players who owns pets just like he does.

Navigation