This civilization stashed MILLIONS of duped items, which we found and destroyed. But, somehow, they have returned richer than ever...
— 
Spoke
I Bankrupted Minecraft's Richest Civilization
 is the 11th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

The episode begins with a voiceover from 
SpokeIsHere
, saying that after he and 
Mapicc
 destroyed 
Roshambogames's
 stash of duped items, they have somehow come back, richer than ever. They need to find out if these items were legit, or if they had discovered a new glitch. Spoke caught wind of Roshambo making stockpiles of these items, so they head to one.

The first location is a hole in the side of a mountain with chests lining one wall, but they are empty. They check everywhere, but are interrupted by 
PlanetLord
, which forces them to hide. Spoke and Mapicc emerge from the wall and catch Planet standing one shulker boxes of duped items, including totems, redstone, gunpowder, and emeralds. They grab the shulkers and chase after Planet. However, the server lags and Planet escapes. 

Spoke and Mapicc head back to their end base to make a plan. They decide to check the raid farm to see if the items in the shulkers are legit, and if it’s been lagging the server. It seems like Roshambo and his henchmen are using the farm. To prevent them from using the farm without breaking it, Spoke and Mapicc make a secret stash underground to contain all of the loot. They check to see if their storage system is working, but spot a group of 
invisible players
 arriving at the farm. They start blowing the farm up, so Spoke and Mapicc start fighting them. Mapicc sees that they’re all attacking Spoke, and he realises that this isn’t Roshambo. 

They head to land and Spoke is just about to drop when an isolated player that hasn’t interacted with anyone on this server named 
ashwagg
 shows up and shoos the attackers away. Ash says that he was just passing by when he saw the players chasing them and that he’ll see them around.

Spoke and Mapicc head back to Spoke’s base at 
spawn
. Spoke says that they need to check all of the farms to rig the ones that are lagging the server. However, they need a player who knows all of the farms on this server. The only choice is 
TheRealSquiddo
, who’s base they destroyed before. They head there and find Squiddo with her hamster, Garlic Hamster. Mapicc distracts Squiddo while Spoke finds a book with all of the coords of the all of the farms on this server. They are chatting with Squiddo when Ash appears. He wants to join them in their quest, but they refuse. He is persistent, though, and tells them to find him if they need anything. 

Spoke gives Mapicc the coord book and he leads them to a dysfunctional iron farm. They place soul soil under the sources of water to disrupt it, even though it’s already broken. They head to the next farm, but only find a railgun on a nearby hill. They search around the island, eventually finding a skyblock island. They check it out and discover that the cobblestone generator is built wrong, so they fix it. 

The third set of coordinates are at spawn, but the only thing at the location is a house made of TNT. They discover that the letter next to each coordinate is the dimension it’s in, so they head to the end instead and find an enderman farm. However, they find a 
PrinceZam
 guard named 
ManePear
 farming XP. They splash invis and spleef a block under him. Mapicc distracts him while Spoke messes up the farm. They both engage with Mane, pushing him back through into the overworld. That buys them time, and they rig the farm before Mane comes back and starts attacking again. They escape into the overworld and regroup at Spoke’s base.

They find Squiddo at their front door and politely tell her to leave. They turn around to find Ash in their house, and Spoke updates him on their progress. He still wants to help them, so they take him in and give him some coordinates to farms. They tell him to not destroy or blow up anything. He requests a copy of the coord book, but they refuse. After Ash leaves, they find that Squiddo has built a heart-shaped doorway at the pathway in front of their base. Mapicc says that Ash has a weird obsession with the coord book, wanting something from Spoke, and that he doesn’t care about him at all, but Spoke says that he’s just trying to be helpful. 

They head to the fourth set of coordinates, and, after digging underground for a while, they find a sugarcane farm that doesn’t even work. 

The fifth coordinates, however, are at the 
Zam Empire
. They head to a random house in the empire and sneak into the basement. To their disappointment, they find a simple rail duper in the enemy territory. Mapicc tests it and finds that it doesn’t even work. They just block the room off and leave. 

Spoke and Mapicc head to the sixth set of coordinates and see a giant prismarine box containing a guardian farm. Those aren’t where the coordinates lead, though. Instead, they lead to 
Jepexx's
 trading hall, whom they have a bad history of bombing his base. They find him lingering around his emerald beacons. Spoke and Mapicc sneak to the covered up entrance of the trading hall. Jepexx notices them, obviously, so they break into the trading hall and block it back up, making it look like they disappeared into the mountain. 

While in there, they splash all of his villagers with invis to make it look like they were gone. It doesn’t take long for Jepexx to come in. Spoke tells him that his villagers are gone, but Jepexx clearly doesn’t believe it. He goes to the back of his trading hall, where a bunch of nitwits that Mapicc also splashed with invis reside. Jepexx seems to have forgiven them, and tells them that these nitwits are for venting his anger upon. He also shows them the guardian farm they saw earlier and says that it’s a project he’s been working on. Spoke doesn’t believe him, though.

Jepex tells them of an ultimate farm that would fry their brains. Spoke and Mapicc tell him to lead them to it, and they find a bamboo farm and a pen with four pandas. Jepexx is giving them a tour of the place when two invis players jump them, targeting Jepex. They kill all of the pandas. Spoke yells, “Ash, call it off,” and a white firework bursts. The players leave, and they apologise to Jepexx before. After he leaves, Spoke theorises that Ash is following them. 

They head back to Spoke’s base and find Ash waiting for them there. Spoke explains to him what happened and asks him if he knew anything about that. He says that those were players he hired to help them, and that he was sorry that they attacked them. Mapicc realises that Ash is completely ignoring him. Mapicc become pissed, but Spoke chooses to believe Ash and gives him the next coordinates.

Spoke and Mapicc head to the seventh set of coordinates and dig underground. They find a giant melon farm that was definitely causing lag on the server, so they destroy it and blow it up. 

The eighth coordinates, however, are much more interesting. They find broken fish farm with Mane spamming the fishing rod, AFKing the farm. They realise that he isn’t even using the farm correctly, so they break it. While there, they decide to troll him and take him to an ocean monument. They box him in a 1 x 1 obsidian box with mining fatigue and chorus fruit proof any surface he can teleport to. Once they finish the trap, they wait, and he logs back on. Mane is confused as to where he is and starts yapping about some guy named Cedric. They just leave him there and head to the next farm, not having to deal with him for a few hours. 

The next farm is an upgraded iron farm that actually works. Spoke places a block of dirt over the ladder to the chest room so Roshambo won’t find the collection chamber. They also tamper with the gates leading to the kill chamber so that the golems can’t enter it. 

The ninth farm, however, isn’t really a farm. It’s just a giant crater in the ground that looks like someone blew the farm up. Mapicc theorises that it was Ash who did it, but Spoke won’t believe it until he has confirmation. To somewhat patch it up, they leave a sign saying “so sorry! - The Meteor,” surrounded by a bunch of stone hearts. 

They head to the other farm that Ash had been to, which was a cow farm, since there is steak everyone and a few living cows. It’s also been blown up, but this time, there was netherrack with fire lit on it. They also create dirt hearts and a sign that says “so sorry! - the rogue cow.” To save it, they put all of the items used to build the farm in a chest. 

Spoke and Mapicc head to the tenth location, which is a sheep farm built by Squiddo. Mapicc kills the sheep she was leading over, but she doesn’t seem too pissed. They also find a large flock of sheep in a hole in a nearby mountain, which Squiddo claims she didn’t lead over. Spoke thinks it’s Ash, because the sheep weren’t there when they first arrived. There’s also a nether portal with nothing on the other side. Mapicc kills most of the sheep and says that this is just Ash trying to manipulate Spoke into thinking he’s good. Spoke doesn’t believe him, and after a brief chat with Squiddo, they leave. 

The eleventh farm is the actual guardian farm by Jepexx’s trading hall. They see a player AFKing the farm and discover it’s 
JumperWho
. They want to troll her again, and they move her and her pretty little AFK chamber to the nether roof. Spoke clogs the item droppers while Mapicc transports Jumper. They splash invis and wait for Jumper to come back online. She quickly finds out who they are, but quickly lags out. They quickly trap her in an obsidian box, but she comes back online. They try to convince her that they weren’t the ones who moved her onto the roof, but she doesn’t believe them. They head back to the overworld, and Jumper goes AFK in a cave again, giving them time to spawn a few withers into the farm. 

They head to the twelfth farm, which is a cobweb farm, which had lagged out. They can’t figure out how the farm worked, or even how to use it, so they just changed the direction of a couple of hoppers. 

The thirteenth farm is in the nether. When they don’t find it at the coords, they go to the nether roof and discover a magma cube farm. Mapicc steals some magma cream from the chests before they mess up the rails at the bottom. 

At the next farm, they find a player AFK: Jumper again. This time, she’s sitting in front of her PC and watching a 
MinuteTech
 video on her phone. They sneak up on her and rig the farm, but she notices and starts attacking them. Spoke breaks the center of the farm while Mapicc exchanges hits with Jumper and knocks her off of the platform. After a while, she gets mad and threatens to call her team, 
Leow0ok
, 
Derapchu
, 
ParrotX2
, and 
Wifies
. Not having the best history with Parrot, Spoke and Mapicc leave. 

They find a hoglin farm at the next set of coordinates. They replace the warped fungus with crimson fungus, which causes excessive spawning of hoglins, breaking the farm. 

The fifteenth farm is much more complicated to ruin. They go inside the farm to the AFK chamber and find Mane, who somehow broke out of the guardian prison. He isn’t too happy to see them and starts attacking. They realise that they can’t beat him in PVP, so Mapicc spends an eternity distracting him while Spoke spends an eternity googling tutorials and crashing out on how to build a bedrock breaker. He eventually finds out that he was using sticky pistons instead of regular pistons, but that still doesn’t work. In the end, Mapicc builds that bedrock breaker while Spoke tries his best to stay alive. They lose Mane in the nether and meet back up underground. 

Spoke and Mapicc head back to their base to regear after they’re drained of resources. They head to the next farm, a bee farm where Squiddo is waiting. They open the collection chest for the farm and find sets of gear labeled “-A.” Spoke reasons that he was there when they were regearing. Mapicc refuses to take the armour because he says it’s blood armour. Spoke takes one set, feeling bad for Ash. In the end though, they give all of the armour to Squiddo.

They head to the seventeenth and eighteenth farms, which they find nothing of interest in. 

The nineteenth farm is a creeper farm, and they are about to rig it when two invis players show up and start blowing the farm up. Mapicc and Spoke immediately recognises this as Ash and pops one of the player’s totem, revealing them to the 
USmellLikeUpdog
. He immediately starts begging for them to spare him, and that this was his first mission. Spoke is confused and asks him who sent him on this mission. He tells him that Ash is the leader, but is suddenly teleported to the void and dies, banning him off of the server. 

After that, Mapicc is enraged, and tells Spoke that Ash is the one behind all of this. Spoke doesn’t listen to him, though, and still believes in Ash. Mapicc has had enough, and after throwing Spoke the coord book, saying that he could complete this stupid quest on his own and flies off into the distance. Spoke tries following him to reason, but quickly runs out of fireworks. He tells Ash to meet him at the next farm. 

The next farm is a mob head farm, which Spoke pearls onto. Ash arrives and gives him an ender chest. Spoke tells him everything that happened and Ash explains that they were the players he had hired, and that they betrayed him. Spoke makes a copy of the entire coord book and gives it to Ash, saying that they were now on a time crunch and had to each go their separate ways. 

Before going to the next farm, Spoke revisits 
JamatoP's
 old base and recalls the memories they had. He had betrayed Jamato’s trust and left him behind, all wrapped up in his exploit arc. Spoke realises that he betrayed Mapicc the same way he betrayed Jamato. Jamato had took him in when no one else wanted to talk or even interact with him, and was there for him from the beginning. He and Mapicc were the two people that had actually cared enough to befriend him, so he didn’t want the same thing that happened with Jamato to happen with Mapicc. 

Spoke goes around spawn, searching for Mapicc, and finds him in his new base, right next to the one that was blown up. He makes amends with him and tells him that they don’t need to work with Ash anymore. They decide to go back to their end base to make a plan moving forward.

Spoke and Mapicc are in the middle of a peaceful session when they hear explosions in their end base out of nowhere. They fly out to see two invis players blowing up the base. At first, they think it’s Roshambo, but Mapicc realises that it’s 
Wemmbu
 and his new accomplice, 
eggchan
. They chase after Wemmbu, who is spamming TNT and withers, but they blow up a good chunk of their base before escaping. With no more home, Spoke and Mapicc set up a temporary bunker in the end dimension. 

Now they have to complete this mission more than ever to make sure that Roshambo won’t have the resources for another war. They head to the next farm in the coord book, a flower farm, where surprisingly, Roshambo and Planet and planting flowers. They head to them and ask why they were here. Roshambo says that they’ve changed and aren’t touching exploits anymore. Spoke doesn’t believe them and further questions them, but out of nowhere, the whole flower farm explodes. 

The sheer amount of TNT used to explode a simple flower farm shocks them all, and once the explosions clear out, Roshambo accuses them of blowing it up. Spoke and Mapicc protest that it wasn’t them, but in their minds, they knew it was Ash. Roshambo and Planet are skeptical, but seem to decide to believe them.

Spoke and Mapicc hurry to the next farm, but they are too late. It’s already been blown up. They check some of the previous locations, but they’ve all been blown up, including the skyblock island, Jepexx’s trading hall, and the guardian farm. Spoke is horrified, realising that he is the one who cause this, as he gave Ash all of the coords. 

They decide to head to the very last farm in an attempt to save it. It’s one of the rarest farms in the game, so they have to make this count. Spoke tells Mapicc that Ash won’t show himself if he’s there, so Mapicc flies off to a corner of the giant obsidian box the farm’s located in. Ash eventually shows up.

Spoke interrogates him, telling him that what he’s doing is wrong, but Ash just laughs in his face. He tells Spoke that Spoke knows nothing, and that this was his plan all along. He actually wasn’t the helpless player that they had assumed he was at the start. He wanted the exploits Spoke knew of, but knowing that he would never give him the exploits, he joined in on their little mission. Now that every farm except one was blown up, the blame would all be put on Spoke and Mapicc, since they were the only ones seen at all of the farms, other than the invis players. He leaves Spoke with an ominous warning to choose the right thing. 

Mapicc flies in after Ash leaves and Spoke briefs him on everything Ash told him. An insanely large group of players, all invis and wearing 
plain netherite armour
, shows up and starts attacking Mapicc with a goal to kill him. Spoke knows that Ash has ordered them not to kill him, as he needs Spoke for the exploits, so he lures the players into a cave. Mapicc changes his armour to plain netherite and splashes himself with invis to blend in with the crowd and go unnoticed. They take the search to the nether, where Mapicc and Spoke reconvene underground. The episode closes off with the sound of someone digging towards them. 

This was only the beginning, Spoke realises.

Errors

In 
Why I Destroyed the Unstable SMP
, 
Wemmbu
 blows up 
Spoke's
 base near the beginning of the video and blows up the PrinceZam statue near the end of the video. In this video, it's the other way around.

Thumbnail

In this episode, 
Spoke
 (left) is shown with TNT out in his hand with a bunch of obviously duped loot on the right. It is worth noting that this thumbnail looks suspiciously similar to his last vid 
(How I Stole 10,356,000 Duped Items)