Most players would die here, but I'm not most players.
— 
FlameFrags

I Became Immortal on a Hardcore Minecraft Server
 is the 39th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. It is also the first episode released by 
FlameFrags
. 

Plot

The video begins in 
FlameFrags
 entering his house until he falls into a dripstone trap. He clutches the trap but gets ambushed by the trappers. One of the players attempt to blow him up with a minecart but it blows up before it gets to him. Flame leaves after most of his armour breaks and he kills the entire team. Flame stashes their gear in his stash of gear from killing players. Flame is determined to get a full set of netherite armour again and embarks on a journey to get it. 

Flame crafts new armour with the diamonds he gets and enchants it along with getting new gear before getting confronted by 
Spoke
 and his team of players that he assembled to kill Flame. Flame wipes most of the team out and follows one of the players. The player explains to their team that he needs to kill Flame with a netherite sword. Flame reveals himself and wipes everyone out except for the player he followed and then looted their base until he found the netherite sword. 

Flame continues his journey to get a full netherite set and begins to head to 
Merchant City
 until he gets robbed by 
TheobaldTheBird
's Cart-PvP students. Theo tells them not to rob Flame but they don't obey thus getting wiped out by Flame. Flame finally makes it to Merchant City and makes a trade with a fan and gets a netherite helmet and some totems for all the loot in his donkeys.  

As he heads out of Merchant City he gets attacked by 
Bounty Assassin Team
. One of the members, Parrot warns them not to attack Flame since it would be a waste of time and resources and he believes that they need all their resources to be used on 
The Director
. Flame's armour begins to break mid-fight but he realizes that the spies each have curse of vanishing on their armour to prevent anyone from taking the armour after a spy dies. Flame luckily kills a spy which has an extra set of armour that doesn't have curse of vanishing and he wears it. He picks up the spy's armour along with some XP bottles and the fight turns around with him wiping out all the spies. The rest of BAT run away after the spies get killed. Flame checks out all the loot from the fight and finds netherite boots without curse of vanishing.  

Flame heads back to his base to upgrade it by making more farms and expanding the base until 
Wemmbu
 shows up. Wemmbu explains that he wants to do a rematch against Flame since he hasn't ever won against him. The fight goes well at first, until Wemmbu begins rocket-macing him. Flame's shield breaks and his last totem pops. Without any other choice, he crafts slow-falling potions to counter his mace. Wemmbu gives up and they begin talking about who won the fight. Flame shows Wemmbu around his base and explains to Wemmbu that he's been fighting off Spoke's minions. Wemmbu gives Flame the coordinates one of Spoke's bases.  

Flame heads to Spoke's base to confront him and Spoke begins taunting him and telling him to drop all his items until attempting to kill Flame using TNT minecarts. Flame begins chasing Spoke and he activates a void trap. Flame clutches using ender pearls. Flame continues chasing Spoke until he activates another TNT minecart trap. Flame begins attacking Spoke again, thinking that he ran out of traps until Spoke activates a void trap that they had been standing on the entire time. Flame clutches by using a slow-falling potion that he had brewed during the fight with Wemmbu and he clutches. Spoke runs away and a group of players emerge. Flame takes out the entire group of players and he finally gets netherite leggings; finishing his full netherite set.   

Trivia

The video was originally titled "I Became Immortal on a Hardcore Minecraft SMP"

The is 
FlameFrags
' debut as the fourth protagonist of 
Unstable Universe
.

This is one of the only 
episodes
 that featured all protagonists in one video.

Navigation