powerrrr
— 
FlameFrags

I Became POWERFUL on a Hardcore Minecraft Server
 is the 66th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

The video starts with a recap of how he lost against 
Wemmbu
 and his title of "The Immortal Demon". 

A player named "RottenBanana" steals his iron and runs. 
Flame
 eventually kills RottenBanana. Flame; now in full iron makes a long trek to his base only to get ambushed by the 
Skullhound Bandits
. The Bandits chase him outside as he pillars up with cobblestone. The bandits make fun of him for losing to Wemmbu.  Flame runs back to his horse and runs away. Flame finds a spot in a mesa hill to build his new base as his old base was  overran by bandits and Wemmbu left a giant hole infront of it. Flame equips a diamond chestplate from his shulker box. Flame tames a wolf and explains his plan to breed a wolf army to take his revenge against Wemmbu.

Flame finds a town and the town's people don't drop anything due to his loss against Wemmbu. Flame massacres them. Flame takes everything from  their chests and their armadillos to make wolf armor and a silverfish exp farm. 

Flame calls 
Lomedy
 to make his base an actual functioning base. Lomedy makes an armadillo farm to get stacks of armadillo scutes. Flame uses the armadillo farm to make a cobweb farm. Coincidentally, the farm also gives him a bunch of experience, one of the most prized things in the server. Lomedy shows him his new base. Lomedy then asks him why is he building a new base. Flame tells him the whole story.  Lomedy gives Flame some motivation. Motivated, Flame decides to spin back on the bandits that he ran away from. Flame realizes a crucial issue. His lack of golden apples.

Flame decides to go to the nether to mine some gold. As he is mining for gold, he is ambushed by 
Clown's
 nether force. The guard attack him hoping to get a promotion if he kills Flame. The guard dies and Flame picks up his netherite chestplate. He has no time to wear it as he is quickly ambushed by another 2 guards also working for Clown. This time the guards are in full netherite armor. Flame uses his invisibility potion and runs into the lava escaping the guards. Luckily, the guards don't follow.

Flame makes an errand to 
Redstone Town
 to gather materials to build a redstone wolf machine. Flame builds a wolf machine. Flame travels back to his old base and this time, he kills all the 
Skullhound Bandits
 garrisoned there, including their leader: CraftedJoker. Flame picks up their loot including a netherite helmet, netherite leggings and netherite boots which is enough for him  to get a full set of Netherite Armor.

Flame goes to 
Capital City
 to question a citizen to learn about Wemmbu's whereabouts. There, he learns that Wemmbu died.

Trivia

The video was originally called I Became Powerful on a Hardcore Minecraft SMP before being changed to I Became Powerful on the Unstable SMP and then being reverted before being changed to I Became Powerful on a Hardcore Minecraft Server.