why are there 5000 players here
 
— 
Wemmbu

I Became a Prisoner on the Unstable SMP
 is the 90th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

The episode begins in the end of 
2 Minecraft Pros VS 1000 Players
 where 
Wemmbu
 attempts to escape 
LettuceK
. He almost dies and Lettuce clears his inventory. Lettuce imprisons Wemmbu and tells him to put on a prisoner skin and assigns a cell for him. He also explains that during the night, all prisoners must be in their cell and on top of their bed and if he doesn't listen to the guards he will go to solitary. Lettuce tells 
loppezz
 to guard Wemmbu's cell. Wemmbu tries to break the cell and gets caught by loppezz. The next morning, loppezz assigns all the prisoners to do a task to clean the floor but they'll get fed before the job. Wemmbu encounters 
Baablu
 and 
Fantst
 in the prison too. Wemmbu tells them that they have to settle their differences if they want to escape. A guard emerges from the walls and warns them about escaping and punishes them by forcing them to work in a ravine.

Loppezz gives the prisoners an item check to make sure they aren't smuggling any items. They also receive a wooden pickaxe. They try to smuggle items, but the guards are suspicious of them. Fantst then covers for Wemmbu and Baablu as they try to make an exit for it, loppezz quickly catches up and brings them back inside. Baablu and Fantst gets sent back and Lettuce tells Wemmbu that he has a special assignment. They start heading towards spawn where nobody is to be seen. When the make it to the Northern Council, Lettuce instructs Wemmbu to sit in a corner until the event starts. When it starts, Lettuce begins his speech about the server needing a king, marking a new era of the Unstable SMP. Once the speech is over, they begin to head back to the prison. An invisible player follows them from behind and soon after splashes Wemmbu with invisibility, giving him the opportunity to run and escape. Wemmbu makes it to a base and loots it for food, the owner of the base returns and sees Wemmbu's invis particles and asks who he is. With no time left before 
The Law
 came, Wemmbu tries to get them to cover for him, but they snitch and Lettuce captures him. Loppezz corners him with iron bars, and while none of the guards are looking, Wemmbu gets on a horse that was in reach and attempts to escape, but the horse is too slow to outrun them. 

They make it back to the prison and Lettuce runs an inventory check on Wemmbu again. He leads Wemmbu to his office and reveals he knew Wemmbu smuggled in items and forces him to give him the items. Lettuce then enacts a new protocol because of Wemmbu's escape attempt and brings the rest of the prisoners into the office. He forces all of the prisoners to put on curse of binding armor, Wemmbu is then put in solitary confinement. As Wemmbu sits in his cell, the lights suddenly go out. An invisible player sneaks up to the window and they drink milk, it is revealed to be 
Spoke
. Spoke turns out to be the invisible player from earlier that helped Wemmbu. He proposes a deal to let Wemmbu out if he helps him using the orbital strike cannons he has left. Wemmbu thinks Spoke's only using him for his powers and would be imprisoned as a slave for Spoke, and declines the offer. Spoke says the offer is still available if Wemmbu does want to escape before heading off, remarking that he would like to see how Wemmbu escapes.

Trivia

This is PrinceZam's first appearance in an Unstable video in over a year, the last one being 
How I Solved Minecraft's Largest Escape Room
.

This video's original title was "I Became a Prisoner on the Unstable SMP". The other title used was "I Became a Minecraft Prisoner".

The featured creators in the scene showing the players are Parrot, Theo, Jaden, Flame(invis), Leo, Spoke, Horace, Yungwilx (without his skin)