on the biggest hardcore minecraft server (Unstable SMP) I suddenly became an ASSASSIN! I needed to pull off traps, eliminate my targets, and of course... abuse MANIPULATION... 
— 
SpokeIsHere

I Became a Bounty Hunter on the Unstable SMP
 is the 69th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

It all started when the invisible assassins ambushed 
Spoke
, 
Leow0ok
 and 
Mapicc
. They hurdle towards the ground only to find themselves saved by powdered snow under some carpets. They had survived a 100 block fall due to the carpets and powdered snow. Spoke and Mapicc discover that Leow0ok; the player they had been with, was the one who orchestrated  the whole trap. Leow0ok had betrayed them just to hand  them over to the bandits or so they thought. Spoke guesses that Leo had been paid about 64 diamonds for Spoke and some copper for Mapicc. Mapicc takes offense and says 1000 diamonds for him (Mapicc). Leo says Spoke should drop his Riptide III trident but Spoke makes a pitiful attempt at escape and Leo threatens to kill Mapicc. Mapicc makes a bluff that he could 10v1 them. Spoke decides he isn't going to argue with the guy who has 5 hit-men. Spoke drops the trident.  Leo makes an ominous laugh.

Leo says if they need food they'll  give it to them but if they try to run, they'll kill them. Spoke and Mapicc follow  them to the new and improved 
BAT Headquarters 2.0
. Spoke finds out that they weren't getting killed but rather they're being trained if  they're truly worthy of being a member of  
The Bounty Assassin Team
. Spoke's first mission is to find and kill the person who griefed and destroyed over 30 bases; 
ApexPoint
. Spoke has  to find him in the glitchy 
Amplified
. But Spoke had a plan : he places furnaces in the terrain and checks them an hour later as furnaces only smelt if there's a nearby player; effectively cutting the searching time by half. 

Using this, Spoke finally finds ApexPoint's base; a cramped obsidian box with a mooshroom, an enchanting table, 6 mangrove logs and finally ApexPoint. ApexPoint is preoccupied listening to YouTube Shorts or in other words, ApexPoint is AFK. Spoke carts ApexPoint but he lives  the initial blast and Spoke is tranced into a 1v1 against him but Spoke is drastically under geared compared to him. ApexPoint makes a terrible joke about everything he does is Amplified including his health. Spoke notices a pattern; he holds up his shield everytime Spoke places a rail. This would make sense to block a TNT minecart explosion but Spoke does a switch-a-roo. He places down a pot on top a rail. Since pots a feature where if you right-click on it you can store items. Using this mechanic Spoke places a pot and ApexPoint accidentally places his sword into the pot and Spoke breaks the pot successfully stealing the sword  from ApexPoint. ApexPoint, stunned is now half disarmed with only his Netherite Axe. ApexPoint decides he is going to run via his escape tunnel and Spoke loses him. 

Leo comes over to inspect Spoke's work. Spoke makes up some fake evidence but overall Leo normally wouldn't give it a pass but to an extent, Spoke did a good job and was successful on disarming the enemy. But in the time Spoke took to complete one, his opponents: 
SmileyyMC
 and 
PlanetLord
 did 2 and 3 missions respectively. Spoke tried  to continue his missions normally but it wasn't working as Smileyy stole Spoke's kill. In Spoke's building mission it was also a catastrophe. Spoke realizes his opponent: PlanetLord had made a better tower than him. Spoke complains about that his home is worse than Smileyy's and Planet as Smileyy has a bed and chests, Planet has all of those and on top of that, he also has flowers while Spoke has none of that luxury. Smileyy respectfully asks Spoke to quiet down as he is struggling to read his next mission due to Spoke's complaints.

Spoke tests his new idea to get out of cobwebs quickly: an Efficiency V, Unbraking III, Mending shears as in his last fight against ApexPoint, he was afraid that his pet fish George Junior would die. Spoke then shows off his drain kit which has 17 stacks of cobwebs or  1088 cobwebs alone, 4 sponge, 4 stacks of empty buckets or 64 buckets, and 2 stacks of chorus fruit or 128 chorus fruit. 

Spoke decides  to try and complete his next one. He meets a player named 
DrinkHotdogwater
 and asks him to clear some trees. Spoke asks him  if he could use a flint & steel but the player refuses replying with "Fire is  too dangerous". To the player's dismay, Spoke ignores him and lights the trees on fire but the fire quickly spiraled out of control. Spoke then meets a full gold player whose name is 
TREELEAF2021
 whose base had been exploded, griefed and lit on fire by none  other than ApexPoint. 

Spoke then meets ApexPoint on top the roof of that poor player's tower. Spoke and ApexPoint fight again as ApexPoint demands for his sword. Spoke drains ApexPoint 2 times as TREELEAF2021 cries. Spoke then drains ApexPoint a 3rd time. After a while Spoke is knocked off and he pops a Totem of Undying which saves his life from  the fall. Spoke realises his boots broke. Spoke tries to run but as he is running Spoke formulates a plan to get his point. But as he forms a plan his helmet breaks. Spoke crafts an iron helmet and iron boots and trances ApexPoint into fighting him again. Spoke lures ApexPoint to BAT hq to finish him off but as he is doing that, Spoke's leggings break and he crafts a new pair of iron leggings to replace his diamond ones. Spoke realises Ender Pearls are the items that could ruin his plan. So he tries to make ApexPoint waste as many as possible. Spoke runs to the top of a mountain and then from a water source he Trident-Pearls and with that, he pearls over 500 blocks. Leo asks Spoke how did the mission go. Spoke then lies his way by convincing Leo that ApexPoint is now deceased.

Spoke then says he is only losing by 2 missions to Smileyy and 3 missions to PlanetLord. Spoke got word that they were helping each other out by teaming. Spoke with "no other choice" disguises himself with invisibility and sits on a mountain waiting for 
FlameFrags
; the most wanted target of BAT. Spoke drops Flame a netherite ingot which peaks Flame's interest. Spoke then asks Flame to get him potions for  more. Spoke then says he found it from Smileyys chest; while flame was out getting the stolen potions, Spoke had  to do some more missions too like trapping the notorious trapper; 
fruitguppy4
. Spoke kills him as the trapper accidentally is blown into his own  obsidian box. The next mission was when 
ironezekiel
 asked Spoke to create Minecraft's most secure base. Spoke lowkey just made a moat of lava around a house and called it a day. 
The Executive
 appears again and tries to talk to Spoke but Spoke just runs away effectively ignoring him. Spoke then got word that Flame had completed his mission so Spoke stole Smileyy's Enchanted Golden Apple. Spoke then asks Flame to get him a Happy Ghast for more riches. Flame agrees. Spoke's next mission was to trap another trapper which he did by knocking  the trapper into his own pitfall trap. Spoke then asks Leo for some training but Spoke didn't care about getting better but he simply cared about getting closer to the leader of BAT: Leo. Spoke asks Leo for the highest priority target and as expected Leo answers Flame. Spoke realises he could've lured Flame into a death trap but Flame has proven he can survive anything thrown at him.  TREELEAF2021 comes with tidings for Spoke for defending his base. Spoke asks the player to bring him Mjölnir. Spoke sneaks into the knowledge library and he learns about Flame's rival: 
Wemmbu
. Spoke gives Flame a beacon. Flame obviously enraged he didn't get good loot attacks Spoke and Spoke escapes via escape route but before escaping Spoke drops Flame a book telling him to kill the members of the 
Skullhound Bandits
 and bring back their shields as evidence of  their deaths. Spoke then gives a lodestone compass to TREELEAF2021 to lure wemmbu to a specific set of coordinates that is supposedly belonged to the Stash of 
The Invisible Mafia
. Spoke asks Leo for some for Netherite Helmet, Netherite Boots, and Netherite Leggings. TREELEAF2021 gives Spoke "Mjolnir" which is just a Loyalty III, Channeling trident.  Once Flame retrieved the shields Flame was given the same set of coordinates as the Lodestone compass given to TREELEAF2021. Spoke goes full invisible and follows them.

Flame and Wemmbu duke it out. In the battle Spoke steals a shulker belonging to Flame as 'proof' of his death. Spoke then describes how he killed Flamefrags and Leo seems to be buying it. Then Leo asked if Spoke got his mace,revealing that Leo thought Spoke killed Wemmbu,not FlameFrags. Spoke quickly makes up a lie that he blew up Wemmbu's mace and learns people were saying Wemmbu died at the Mafia stash. Leo then decides to let Spoke join BAT. Leo then gives Spoke back George Junior.

Trivia

The video's original title was "I Survived as a Hardcore Assassin".