On the Unstable SMP, The World's largest Hardcore Minecraft Server, I currently hold the title of the strongest player.
— 
FlameFrags

I Became the Strongest on the Unstable SMP
 is the 140th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

FlameFrags starts the episode explaining that how he currently holds the title as the strongest player of the server. However, he believes 
Wemmbu
 is the only other person who can rival him for that title. Since their last rematch, they've grown stronger, and so he makes it his goal to defeat Wemmbu in another rematch to hold the title.

At his base, Flame tells his friend 
NotSkrilley
 about his goal, in which he questions why Flame would do such a thing. One of the 
invisible assassins
 enters the base and asks for Flame's help training. Flame says he's not going to help, as they're somebody associated with Wemmbu and beats them into oblivion, which forces them to stasis out. Flame continues on with his conversation with Skrilley, he calls Wemmbu out for unfairly 2v1ing him at 
Arachn1d
's civilization and blew up 
Capitol City
 and didn't fight him there when Flame asked him to. Flame has an idea of where Wemmbu could be, and Skrilley wishes him luck.

Flame heads to the underground civilization and begins asking around where Wemmbu is, 
Jaden MAN
 comes up to him and says him and 
Yungyx
 are busy. Flame decides to settle for Jaden and starts a fight with Jaden, he lures Jaden out alongside three other royal guards in full netherite. Jaden takes out his set of netherite out of his ender chest, the fight goes on until it starts raining when Jaden and the guards go invis and riptide trident-ing all over the air to confuse Flame. This plan seems to work as Jaden gets mace hits on Flame and pops several of his totems, Flame tries to counter it by using the spear while they fly down at him. Flame goes into a cave to restock and grab saplings from his ender chest, he goes back onto the surface and growing trees. Flame then uses his infamous 
Orbital Dog Cannon
 attached to a fishing rod to help him in the fight. The rain begins stop and Flame uses that to his advantage, but unfortunately for Flame, 
The_BanditKing
 tells them all to stop fighting. Flame confronts BanditKing for interrupting the fight, in which he says he heard Flame say he's looking for a rematch with Wemmbu and knew where 
Eggchan
's stasis chambers and that Wemmbu is looking for them. Flame doesn't see how this benefits BanditKing, but BanditKing convinces him to trust him and to follow him.

They arrive in a forest with a house in the middle of it, BanditKing warns Flame of guards nearby and asks Flame to deal with them so he wouldn't get in trouble himself. Once the coast is clear, they rummage through the house and see nothing, they go downstairs and finds an upside down version of the house and forest beneath. BanditKing starts to bridge across, Flame gets hit off by a punch bow, but is able to save himself in time. BanditKing fortifies the bridge as Flame pearls behind the attacker and knocks them into the void. Flame spots another player in the walls and demands for the pearl's location, he knocks the player off and finds the pearls behind the redstone door that the person was guarding. Flame asks why he can't just pull Egg right there, BanditKing says Egg will just die if any of the guards notice that he's missing. Flame's best bet is to stop Wemmbu before he gets to the pearls first, so Flame has BanditKing protecting the pearls while he gears back up.

Flame heads over to 
Merchant City
 to find any ways to counter Wemmbu's 
orbital strike cannons
. The outskirts of Merchant City appears to be a ghost town, he sees a player guarding the inner area of it, who denies Flame access due to him betraying 
Cindercrest
. Flame threatens to kill him, which works and grants him access, he goes in to find more players and activity. He stumbles across 
Spongs
 trying to get players to play his game for bread, which ends up being a scam that takes a player's entire hotbar. After Spongs messes with Flame for a bit, he asks why Flame is even there, Flame tells him he's there to prepare for a fight with Wemmbu. Spongs takes Flame to a building and gives him advice, he says to use cobwebs to slow players down and to place obsidian above to prevent the TNT from blowing him up. Flame thinks the idea is a little dumb, but believes it could work, he just needs the obsidian. Luckily, Spongs says he traded all of his Cindercrest items for nine stacks of obsidian and is willing to give it to Flame in exchange for being his sidekick, Flame gets Spongs to drop the obsidian, then traps him in a small room and blocks it up with the obsidian before escaping.

Flame waits up top of the house in the forest, BanditKing comes back and tells him he brought Wemmbu to the location. Just then, Wemmbu, Jaden, and yungy come forward. Wemmbu asks for the pearls, Flame asks what would happen, and Wemmbu says they've both been in this situation and that he's not in a mood to fight. Flame warns him that if anybody else tries to fight him, he'll pull Egg's pearls and it'll notify arachn1d, so it's up to Wemmbu to decide. A fight ensues, Wemmbu spams his stab shots while Flame uses the x-bow method to pop Wemmbu when he goes in for a mace hit. Flame uses the cobwebs to his advantage, which actually surpresses a lot of the damage dealt. The fight ends up going down to the upside down section, Flame appears to be in an inescapable situation, Wemmbu offers  to save Flame if he took him to the pearls, but Flame manages to attribute swap his spear and lunge to safety. After that, Flame notices that Wemmbu has stopped trying, he's purposely flying into webs and doesn't have water to escape it anymore. Flame tells Wemmbu that he was going to give the pearls whether or not he won, and that all he wanted was a fight. Wemmbu stops to ask if he was going to give the pearls back regardless, in which Flame says he is, and that friends don't ban each other off a server and he only wanted a fight. The episode ends with Flame asking Wemmbu to promise him that they'll have a real fight against each other, and Wemmbu agrees.

Trivia

The house the pearls are located at is 
PrinceZam
's house after his empire was destroyed.

Pangi
 tweeted that he was out hunting when they visited the house and that he's now essentially homeless.

This is the first time Flame outright calls Wemmbu his friend, while Wemmbu has considered Flame a friend of his for a while now.

↑
 
https://x.com/PangiLive/status/2064405321859145777?s=20