I am a Minecraft Combat Master; a master of every weapon.
— 
FlameFrags

I Became a Minecraft Combat Master
 is the 117th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

FlameFrags
 has become a Minecraft combat master, having mastered every weapon there is. His next step is to become a Minecraft combat grandmaster, a fighter with no weakness. On the Unstable SMP, he is nowhere near ready for this journey and needs a base, so him and his best friend, 
Lomedy
, go back to his old base to try and fix it. Lomedy is disgusted at how bad the outside of his base looks. When they enter the actual base, it appears untouched, only being affected by the Law-themed walls, but then an invisible player in full netherite comes out and pulls a level and blows up the entire base. The person drinks milk and reveals to be a random player named HernandoDomin3_. He says he heard Flame is trying to train to become a combat grandmaster and asks Flame to fight him. Flame thinks it's a waste of time fighting this guy, but because the guy is so hesitant, Flame pots up and combos the guy, barely giving him the chance to get a hit on Flame. After four totem pops, Hernando runs away.

Flame and Lomedy begin reconstructing their base, Flame clears out the debris from past battles with The Law while Lomedy builds a new home for the two of them. In the distance, 
The Law
 horn is blown and a Law commander walks up to Flame and gives him a weekly newspaper. One page sticks out in particular, it mentions how more players than usual have been spotted with a certain shield pattern, this could be foreshadowing about 
arachn1d_
's attempt of trying to rule the server. The commander says that Flame's not wanted under their new leadership and tells him if he ever needs anything, just ask since they're neighbors. Flame remembered that The Law base was built in 24 hours, and so he asks for a group of lawmen to help clear out the debris. The commander explains how the lawmen will build, but appliances will have to be handled themselves, so Flame and Lomedy head to 
Merchant City
 to get potion materials. When they walk in, a player overhears them talking about nether items and says they haven't received shipment and needs to wait at the portal. Flame and Lomedy start getting shot with arrows with effects, Flame looks behind and sees 
Spongs
 and 
Willsion
 pretending to hide behind a tree and breaking it. The shipment arrives and Flame overpays for nether items and they leave back to their base, Spongs and Willsion follow them, but Flame gets them to stop. Knowing that the lawmen builds at a fast rate, they come back to a huge base fully built. 

Flame says The Law can protect his base when he's not there, but thinks it needs to be more fortified in case they aren't able to. Spongs and Willsion appear in front of them and is interested in helping them build traps around the base. They mess around the entire time and WIllsion asks Flame to get redstone materials. Although they came to Flame's base and demands Flame to get materials, Flame decides to do so to get peace and quiet away from Spongs. Spongs follows along and ragebaits him, Spongs stumbles across a group of players and walks up in front of them. They begin surrounding them and demands for Flame and Spongs to drop their items, Spongs gives them whatever random items he has in his inventory and Flame refuses to do so and walks away. This causes the group of players to attack Spongs, Flame tells him to turtle master while Flame preps for the fight. Flame uses his crossbow and TNT minecarts in this fight and kills all of them. Flame and Spongs then arrive at Redstone City, Spongs continues to ragebait Flame and gets told to be quiet. Flame finds 
4CVIT
 and trades a few diamond armor sets and a netherite sword for two redstone kits. After the trade, he doesn't find Spongs anywhere and assumes that he may have went back to the base, so Flame heads back.

Willsion and Lomedy show Flame a fall trap they made right in front of the base, Flame then asks Lomedy to build an XP farm so he can mend his gear. After Flame fixes his armor, he wonders why Spongs hasn't come back yet, then in the distance, he sees Spongs getting chased by even more players. Flame asks Lomedy for his mace to help deal with the players since TNT minecarts would destroy his base, and quickly kills off the group of players. Now that they almost have everything, the last thing Flame needs is wolves, but requires cows to breed them, so Flame and Lomedy head to 
Capitol City
. They get stopped by a player saying Flame isn't welcome in Capital City, Flame has a flashback of him hitting a player off when this happened before, and he decides to spare the person and digs through the cobblestone wall. Lomedy is surprised Flame didn't kill him, Flame says even if he made the player believe he's a combat master, it doesn't matter what he says unless he proves that he is good. They find a few cows wandering around Capital City and decide to take them. On their way back home, Lomedy mentions how Flame dislikes Spongs and WIllsion, but says Willsion taught him a lot about trapping and takes an interest in trapping. Flame says he wouldn't enter that realm, but thinks they could combine PvP with trapping in certain cases, like if the fight is unwinnable and there are way too many players. When they arrive back at the base, a lawman stands in front of the base and informs the two of a wanted criminal around the area and they're after Flame. Flame thanks him for the information, as well as for the base. Lomedy starts breeding the cows and Flame builds his 
orbital dog cannon
 machine. Flame tells Lomedy to hide and to let him deal with whoever the assassin is.

Flame waits in the middle of his base, arachn1d_ stands up on top of his base and says he's been awaiting. Arachn1d says Flame killing his group of players was the worst mistake of his life, Flame tries to make excuses to get away from this. Arachn1d says his base will become his territory soon and there will be nothing to stop him, not The Law, not a king, not anything. Arachn1d says this wouldn't be the last time Flame would see him and to keep looking over his shoulder and walks away. A group of players with the spider shield pattern gets to Flame's base, Flame tries to reason with them, but they were hesitant on killing him to repay for the deaths of the players he killed earlier. Flame pulls his orbital dog cannon and kills half the players. Flame goes up his base and grabs another fishing rod from a shulker and sets off another round of wolves. This time, he kills off everybody except one who runs away, who he doesn't bother to chase. Lomedy comes out of hiding and asks if they'll get attacked more often and would Flame become evil again, Flame says he wouldn't kill people for no reason, just only focusing on becoming a combat grandmaster and that he's only getting attacked because of his reputation. Flame says because Lomedy wants to get better at trapping and he wants to get better at combat, they'll fight for survival and they'll use traps and wolves to fight those wars, and when there's not conflict, Flame will seek out more trainers. 

Trivia

This thumbnail suggests he grew throughout Season 2. In 
SOLO Player VS World's Largest Minecraft Server
, Flame was destroyed by 
Wemmbu
 and did not stand a chance.

The video is recorded in 4K, whereas other videos are recorded in 1440p.