it's time to ban minecraft's smartest player
— Wemmbu

I Became a Minecraft Killer
 is the 107th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

The episode begins where 
Wemmbu
's previous episode left off, 
Parrot
 stands right behind Wemmbu and 
eggchan
, wanting help from Wemmbu to take 
LettuceK
 down. Wemmbu wants to ban Parrot, as he's the one that revealed Wemmbu's secret identity to the server, which has caused a chain reaction to lead him to the situation he's at right now. Wemmbu knocks Parrot off into the water to talk to egg privately, egg says Parrot's offer is good, but Wemmbu says Lettuce would become king regardless and wants to kill Parrot, but not right now due to their lack of resources. Wemmbu tells egg to take his trident and to follow them from behind while he goes with Parrot.

They go towards the island with the dolphin tunnel leading to 
Capitol City
, Parrot says they could fight off the lawmen, but Wemmbu says he can't, so Parrot gives Wemmbu invis and covers up to get all the lawmen off the island. There aren't enough dolphins in the tunnel, so Wemmbu goes out into the 
Great Sea
 to grab a dolphin and bring back. Wemmbu struggles to get the dolphin across the fence, Parrot says there's extra in the tunnel, so they head off. The guards get back onto the island and sees them as they leave. While traveling back to Capital City, more nametags can be seen coming from the other direction, so they exit the dolphin tunnel and dig into a wall and surfaces. Parrot says he has a happy ghast with loot in the cherry blossom biome, but he looks at a chest that detects any movement nearby and sees that it had been set off over a hundred times, they see that The Law held a stakeout at that very location and has to go off track. At a village, Parrot tries to tell Wemmbu to crouch, but it's already too late. Wemmbu alerted the three lawmen that were there, he tries to kill them, but Parrot says to run, and Wemmbu quickly realizes it was a bad idea to fight when one hit took half his health.

Wemmbu surfaces and Parrot comes up shortly after, Parrot tells him that they're going to a river, when they get close, Parrot checks to see if this is the right location. Egg whispers to Wemmbu and says that he's been following them as planned and that he joined 
The Law
 to blend in. Egg asks why he hasn't killed Parrot yet, Wemmbu explains that Parrot may have a contingency plan. Egg heads back into the cave he came from and leaves, Wemmbu goes towards Parrot, and they make it to a nautilus shop owned by 
CoinMonke
. Coin questions why Parrot is working with Wemmbu and says he doesn't trust Wemmbu, but Parrot explains that this is the only way to win the election, and so Coin calms down. Parrot asks for the fastest way to go back to spawn, Coin explains the plan as Wemmbu wanders around. They then get on the nautilus and begin traversing the river. In the middle of their expedition, lawmen had come from the opposite direction, and the two have to run back onto land. Wemmbu kills a lawman, but wasn't able to pick up the loot, Parrot tells Wemmbu to keep running. They stumble across a pig with a saddle, Parrot leads it and tells Wemmbu to tower up. Just as the lawmen are about to corner them, Parrot asks for Wemmbu's elytra, but he doesn't want to give it up, so Parrot makes Wemmbu fly off as he sits on the pig instead, and teaches him how to fly infinitely without using rockets. Wemmbu's elytra breaks in the process, but they had gotten far enough for The Law to stop chasing them.

Parrot says The Law might not know where they are anymore, Wemmbu questions how The Law knew where they were, Parrot says they knew they were coming from that direction and is covering most of Law territory. They keep traveling and reach a snowy biome where they find a massive manmade mountain. Parrot tells Wemmbu to stay behind as he checks it out, Wemmbu mines ice in the meantime and egg catches up with him. They talk for a minute, and Wemmbu says egg should leave before Parrot sees them together, egg asks if he's still set on killing Parrot, Wemmbu says he doesn't really care. Egg heads off and Wemmbu goes towards the mountain, Parrot shoots from behind to signal where he is. Wemmbu keeps noticing that Parrot stops and veers off while they're walking, he asks Parrot for the armor, and Parrot gives up the armor and calls out the inivisible player following them. 
SargeLAW
, a commander of The Law, reveals himself and starts chasing them with his group of lawmen. Wemmbu keeps instigating SargeLAW and says he can't kill him even if he was in three-fourths diamond armor. Wemmbu and the sergeant begin to fight, Parrot gets Wemmbu new armor from egg, who was in the crowd with all the other lawmen. Parrot splashes invis in a crowd of all the lawmen, Wemmbu switches to a Law shield and disguises himself with them. Wemmbu finds egg standing away from SargeLAW, who begun killing off his own lawmen. Parrot finds them and they start made it to the end of the Smuggler's Pass. Four lawmen find them, Wemmbu says he's going to kill them and tells egg to strength him up. As soon as the lawmen die, Parrot says they should head back to spawn, Wemmbu says he's going to kill him. Parrot laughs it off and thinks it's a joke, but Parrot realizes that he's being serious. Wemmbu asks if Parrot knows why The Law has been hunting Wemmbu down, Parrot says it's cause of Lettuce, Wemmbu keeps trying to backtrack and reminds Parrot that he revealed his secret identity and has been getting hunted down ever since. Parrot apologizes and mentions that he was going to apologize about revealing his identity back at Pirate City, and Wemmbu decides to keep Parrot alive since he sounded like he was on the verge of tears. 

On the way back, Wemmbu says he would've killed Parrot if he were at his full strength, Parrot asks what he's missing and that he could help getting it depending on what it is. The next scene, Parrot and Wemmbu run across the castle at 
Northern Council
 into the debate. Parrot brings Wemmbu up on stage and shows that The Law didn't have custody of him anymore. Lettuce tries to attack Wemmbu, but Wemmbu uses a stasis to get away. When he teleports, egg is waiting there with 
4CVIT
 at an ender pearl cannon, 4CVIT tells him that he's only helping them out because Parrot asked so. The episode ends with Wemmbu throwing an ender pearl into the cannon to the Farlands.