Trapped in the center of this prison is 
my best friend
, and I'm going to break him out.
— 
ParrotX2

I Broke into Minecraft's Most Secure Prison
 is the 7th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

The episode starts off with 
ParrotX2
 and 
rekrap2
 breaking into the first prison, a purple hurricane-shaped prison. They splash themselves with an invis potion and ender pearl in, getting through the bubble column and sign maze defense before the guards start investigating the prison. They discover the break in and find the duo in the lava defense, so Parrot and Rekrap chorus fruit out, digging away and escaping from the prison. 

In a voice over, Parrot explains that in the center of the prison is a 
chunk ban
, an area in which if you step in, you are banned off of the server. A few days ago, one of Parrot’s best friends, 
Wifies
, stepped into one. Before he could free Wifies, 
SpokeIsHere
, one of the most wanted players on this server, stepped into the chunk ban as well. The construction of a prison was ordered to keep Spoke banned forever. But even though it seemed impossible, Parrot was going to break Wifies out. 

To be able to break Wifies out, Parrot and Rekrap would have to assemble a team of players to help break him out, which was why they were going to the smaller prisons to break Spoke’s former underlings, who were also trapped in chunk bans, out. Parrot would be responsible for building a TNT cannon that would destroy the chunk ban, while Rekrap would distract the guards, 
Merffinn
, 
yungwillx
, and 
woogiex
. 

The second prison was an end prison with a network of islands connected by flying machines. Parrot and Rekrap invis and attempt to make it to the prison undercover by the flying machines, but the guards spot Rekrap, so Parrot takes the chance to elytra in. However, his attempt to build the TNT cannon catches the guards’ attention, and after multiple failed tries, he and Rekrap decide to dip and lead the guards on a big chase before finally getting away. 

Parrot and Rekrap decide to head to the 
Zam Empire
 to negotiate a deal with 
PrinceZam
, the player that ordered the construction of the prisons. Parrot asks him to lift the ban for sixty seconds, but PrinceZam declines. Parrot then tells him that he and Rekrap are going to break out out Wifies, but PrinceZam laughs and says that the new technology (atom grid, auto piglin banners, and sculk cake chunk bans) he’s implemented won’t allow it. Parrot doesn’t believe him and he and Rekrap leave the castle and reconvene at Rekrap’s base to prepare for the next prison. 

They go on a scouting mission to the next prison, a completely underwater one. They splash themselves with invis and go down to check out the prison, but realize that they can’t see anything through the water. There is one big issue to breaking into this prison, Parrot reasons. If the entire prison is underwater, then the chunk ban will also likely be encased in water. They would have to find a way to blow up the chunk ban underwater. They find a way to blow up submerged TNT using blocks of sand and spawning withers. 

Parrot and Rekrap return to the prison with all the necessary supplies needed to blow up the chunk ban. They manage to sneak into the prison’s defenses, an obsidian maze, without any guards noticing, but they quickly catch on. The guards, woogiex, 
Willsion
, and What_Max all start chasing Rekrap, and he and Parrot are separated in the chaos. Parrot finds the chunk ban, which is surrounded by a glass wall that marks the borders of the ban, but a guard finds him. They both manage to escape, regrouping a ways away from the entrance (
26:47
: gyatt). 

Heading back into the prison, they immediately are found by guards and quickly make their way to the chunk ban. Parrot then starts spawning loads of withers while Rekrap distracts the guards. Just as they predicted, after a while, one of the withers blew up the chunk ban and they make their very frantic escape. They meet back up at a nearby mountain and recruit the player freed from the chunk ban, 
Derapchu
, as the third member of their prison-breaking team.

Derapchu leads them to another prison that he knows the coords of, located in the jungle. They then head back to base to start prepping for the prison. Parrot decides that since withers were too random and that they got lucky breaking the last chunk ban, the only way to destroy the next one was with a TNT cannon. They start practicing constructing TNT cannons and eventually find a simplified design of it that the three of them combined could complete in under fifteen seconds. 

The fourth prison break begins with invis Parrot, Rekrap, and Derapchu sneaking into the prison. They dig into the walls and find weird redstone contraptions. The guards, Merffinn, 
Peentar
, and yungwillx, however, find evidence of the broken redstone, and realize that someone is trying to break in. Searching the floors, Parrot discovers a chunk ban at the top floor. The guards, however, find Derapchu and start chasing after him. Realizing there was no way of communicating with the rest of his team, Parrot, Rekrap, and Derapchu decide to get on a phone call. Eventually, the guards start catching on to Parrot and he tells Rekrap to start blowing the chunk ban up. 

Parrot leads the guards on a big chase while Rekrap starts attempting to blow the chunk ban up. They all end up on the floor of the chunk ban and a big fight ensues (
57:17
: magical chunk ban). Parrot realizes that the only way to actually successfully build the chunk ban was to get rid of all of the guards. They attack the guards and continue fighting until all of the guards had no choice but to dip or risk getting killed. With no one to hinder the blowing up of the chunk ban, they free one of Spoke’s henchmen. However, Parrot realizes that they had freed someone who wouldn't want to join their prison-breaking team. 

Parrot, Rekrap, and Derapchu decide to head to the first prison to check what kind of defenses PrinceZam had added, but before they even came within a thousand block radius, their game immediately crashed and respawned them in a nearby taiga forest. This was one of the new technologies that Zam added to the prison holding Spoke and Wifies, a server-crashing piece of technology. Not knowing how to solve this, they leave it for now and focus on the next prison. 

The next prison is a prison situated in the nether in a volcano, so Parrot proposes a new solution to breaking the chunk bans: flying machines and TNT minecarts. They scout the prison first and instead of one or two chunk bans, there are three stacked a ways apart from each other. 

Parrot, Rekrap, and Derapchu sneak into the prison, but are quickly found out. Parrot starts building a flying machine, but is caught in the act and narrowly escapes, leading the guards on a big chase and giving Rekrap and Derapchu the chance to destroy the chunk bans. Once he loses the guards, Parrot heads back to the prison and sneaks into the walls. Rekrap and Derapchu, however, are caught and engages with the guards. Parrot takes the opportunity to successfully break the middle chunk ban with a flying machine when the guards weren’t paying attention. They all get into a big fight with Merffinn, 
FlameFrags
, SykerMC, 
Sorhin
, and Woogie and decide to dip and head back to base. Parrot manages to loose the guards in the wall and mines out. 

They regroup back at Rekrap’s base and decide to head to the Zam Empire to possibly swipe information about PrinceZam’s new technology. He reveals to them that that is something called a 
memory ban
, but when Parrot tries to pry more info about the memory ban, he deigns to tell them anything. Parrot also voices that many of the same guards are guarding the prisons they went to, so asks him if he cycles the guards. They meet back at base and Parrot reasons that if the guards are being cycled throughout the prisons, then there must be a way in and out that the guards take. 

Parrot, Rekrap, and Derapchu head to the next prison, a snowglobe prison in the middle of a snowy taiga. They splash invis and start scouting out the snowglobe, discovering a group of drowned patrolling the top of a soul sand water elevator containing a beacon. Parrot realizes that if the chunk ban stretched all the way to the top of the snowglobe, then there was no way PrinceZam could have it covered, so the top must be safe to break in from. They dig into the wall and eventually break through into the actual prison containing the chunkban. However, the guards, Sorhin, Merffinn, and SykerMC, catch onto them, so Rekrap quickly creates a TNT distraction to occupy the guards. Parrot successfully builds and sends out a flying machine to break the chunk ban. He escapes through a ruined portal in the desert and reconvenes with everyone at the base, where another freed player is waiting for them. 

As a skilled PVPer, 
Fantst
 was a very good player to have on their side, so after a bit of convincing, Parrot, Rekrap, and Derapchu add Fantst to their prison-breaking team. He also knows the whereabouts of a sky prison, which they make their way to. They land on one of the surrounding islands in the sky, but don’t spot any guards. They spot the chunk ban exposed in the middle of the central castle and sneak in. However, one of the guards, Willsion, spots them and starts attacking. They exit and lure the rest of the guards, who are invis, outside. Parrot, Derapchu, and Fantst distract the guards while Rekrap destroys the chunk ban. They then engage into a big fight with 
ManePear
, Willsion, SykerMC, and SmileyyMC, but after realizing that they couldn’t win this battle, they dip. 

After meeting back up at Rekrap’s base, the prison-breaking team reflects on the previous prison and how easy it was. Fantst then says that their mission wasn’t possible, shocking everyone. He elytras over to a nearby cobblestone platform on the shore of the ocean right next to an active chunk ban. He tells Parrot, Rekrap, and Derapchu that what they’re doing is too risky for him, and he doesn’t want to get banned. At the last prison, he was the one tanking all the damage and carrying everyone. Leaving with that, he steps into the chunk ban without a second thought. 

Parrot, Rekrap, and Derapchu are downcast, as they had just gained Fantst and losing him was a big blow. Even with that loss, they have no choice but to keep breaking into prisons if they wanted to accomplish their goal. With that, they head to the next and final prison before the ultimate breakout, another end prison. 

They start sneaking into the walls, spotting the guards, 
loppezz
 and SykerMC. They eventually find the central room with the chunk ban and form a plan: Rekrap and Derapchu will distract the guards while Parrot destroys the chunk ban with TNT minecarts. The chunk ban is blown up and Parrot, Rekrap, and Derapchu start fighting the guards in a 3v2. Realizing that they’re outnumbered, loppezz and SykerMC dip and elytra out of the prison, leaving Parrot, Rekrap, and Derapchu alone there. Unfortunately, despite their easy victory, they had freed someone who had no intention of teaming with them.

While in the end, Parrot, Rekrap, and Derapchu decide to go to the other end prison. Upon arrival, they find one of the guards, FlameFrags, munching on pizza in real life. Seeing that he seemed to be the only guard here and was willing to let them destroy the chunk ban, they left him alone and blew up the chunk ban. However, once he was done with the pizza, he started attacking them, so after a short fight, they dip and head back to base. 

A few minutes after Parrot, Rekrap, and Derapchu return back to base, a player named 
JumperWho
 whom they had freed from the second end prison arrives. JumperWho agrees to join them, becoming the fourth member of their team. 

Parrot, Rekrap, Derapchu, and JumperWho start brainstorming ways to break out Wifies and Spoke from the final prison. The first defense they have to get past is the memory ban, which they get around by going through the nether and past the area the memory ban is placed over. After arriving at the location of the final prison, Parrot and Rekrap go ahead to scout out the prison while Derapchu and JumperWho stay back to guard the portal. Parrot and Rekrap manage to scout out a decent amount of the prison from the outside before they’re caught by the guards, so they escape and regroup with Derapchu and JumperWho to review the footage they captured (
2:39:55
: replay mode). Inside of the prison, they find many layers of chest and obsidian defenses surrounding the chunk ban, which is being held by a baby piglin, causing it to have a longer radius. On top of that, they also have to deal with the six guards patrolling the prison. 

Parrot proposes an idea to get rid of the guards: since there is a very short period of time between a player entering a chunk ban and them actually getting banned off, they could use that to their advantage to set a trap. One player would act as bait and fly into an active chunk ban, luring all six of the guards in and getting them banned. However, right before the bait flew into the chunk ban, they would message the rest of the prison-breaking team and they would pull the player’s set ender pearl stasis, which, if successful, would temporarily ban all six of the guards off of the server, giving them at least six hours before anyone logged on, as it was the middle of the night. Everyone unanimously decided on JumperWho as the bait, and surprisingly, they pulled it off, banning Merffinn, yungwillx, Peentar, SykerMC, loppezz, and ManePear off of the server. 

Parrot, Rekrap, Derapchu, and JumperWho arrive at the entrance of the prison to greet a fifth member of their prison-breaking team that Parrot invited, a professional Minecraft prison escapist called 
_Kenadian_
. They show Kenadian the footage of the prison and he devises a plan to break in. First, they build a wither borer to try and break into the obsidian. They break through the first layer of obsidian, but realize that they have to conceal their evidence, so they explode the wither borer with flying machines loaded with end crystals and TNT. After a few attempts of trial and error, Kenadian reasons that it would be very time consuming and difficult to destroy the chunk ban from the surface, so they head underground to try and break in instead. They build many TNT cannons to explode their way 144 blocks to the central piglin ban from their location. After they do that, they make a road of ancient debris and send hundreds of TNT minecarts to damage the piglin from below. After hours of testing, failure, and trying again, the ban is finally lifted. Wifies and Spoke were freed and that is how the greatest prison-breaking team broke into Minecraft’s most secure prison. 

However, the story isn’t over yet. PrinceZam placed a target and bounty over Parrot’s head for breaking into the prisons, and he is now being hunted by 
Minecraft's deadliest player
.

Thumbnail

This thumbnail depicts 
Parrot
 (bottom left) holding out a diamond pickaxe and looking at a bright blue doorway which is shining with light.