Far out in our server's End Dimension lies a 
city
: a safehaven for any player trying to escape. This is the story of the rise of this place, as well as the wars and corruption that caused its downfall. This is how I Built Minecraft's Safest Civilization.
— 
Parrot

I Built Minecraft's Safest Civilization
 is the 16th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Contents

1
 
Plot

2
 
Analysis

3
 
Trivia

4
 
Thumbnail

5
 
Gallery

Plot

Parrot
 and 
Wifies
 traveled millions of blocks in the end dimension to make a civilization as they were tired of getting hunted and kidnapped by people. However they were being followed by an invisible person. Parrot and Wifies make a trap and pop the totem of the invisible person. The invisible person is revealed to be a player named 
Deanthebean9
. Dean tells them that he's going to die if anyone finds out that he isn't invisible and 
Ashswagg
 is going to kill him. Wifies tells Dean not to come back and they won't tell anyone about him being visible, however, Parrot sees this as an opportunity to recruit their first member since Dean doesn't know where to go. Parrot and Wifies lead Dean to their first hut in the civilization. Dean tells them that if you kill a high ranking player in the 
Mafia
 you can leave and Dean wanted to get out of the Mafia as fast as possible and that was why he followed them. Wifies guesses that Dean's life was in danger because he threw an ender pearl and Dean confirms his statement. Parrot and Wifies goes to the overworld to recruit more members from 
Zam Empire
 but upon arrival they notice that Zam Empire was destroyed. As they realize that Zam Empire is abandoned they decide to take all the slime blocks and other redstone materials from the balloons to build flying machines. Parrot and Wifies find a village and transport them to the end where they meet Dean again. They transport the villagers to the outer end islands where their civilization is.

While transporting the villagers, they get attacked by The Mafia again. Parrot tells Dean to go invisible so that they don't find out that Dean is against them. After escaping Parrot and Wifies find their flying machines and villagers mostly intact, one of the flying machines aren't damaged and the villager is alive while the other one is completely damaged and the villager died. Parrot heads back to the civilization paranoid that The Mafia now has an idea of where it is located so he recruits more members. He arrives to 
Wemmbu's civilization
 and finds 
Horace Altman
, Horace explains that he spent weeks building a civilization for 
Wemmbu
 and it got blown up. Parrot invites Horace to his civilization. Horace tells Parrot he will help expand the civilization along with this builders and promises it would last forever. Parrot also visits 
Kenadian
 at the chunk ban prison built by him and Zam Empire to invite him to the civilization. Parrot tells Kenadian to help transport villagers because last time they did so they were attacked by The Mafia. While Kenadian transports the villagers, Parrot finds an invisible player and distracts them by mining into the void and flying away without them realizing. After Parrot, Wifies and Kenadian transport the two villagers, they notice a huge island done by Horace. Parrot tells Horace to make the island 100 blocks lower. Parrot also makes 4 statis chambers,

Kenadian tells Parrot that stasis chambers are cross dimensional and Parrot gets worried about Dean. Parrot, Wifies and Kenadian make a plan on how to save Dean's life. Parrot goes to one of The Mafia's outposts and pops Dean's totem, Wifies distracts the invisible players and Kenadian pulls Dean's stasis chamber when Parrot tells him to do so. Dean tells Parrot his coordinates so that Parrot can fly to their outpost and he begins fighting them. He pops Dean's totem and right as Dean is about to get stasised into the void, Parrot spam messages Kenadian telling him to pull Dean's stasis. Parrot, Wifies and Kenadian celebrate Dean getting out of The Mafia. They plan on expanding the civilization however, Wifies and Kenadian log off so Parrot tells Dean to watch over his stasis chamber. Parrot goes to the overworld and breaks his bed that way he can go back to the end and arrive at spawn, however, he can't leave the end now. Parrot writes a book asking if anyone can sign up for his civilization and places it into a chest on a broken enderman farm and places a sign telling whoever reads it to go to the enderman farm. After Dean pulls Parrot's stasis chamber, Parrot tells Dean that he's about to log off but before this, Dean thanks Parrot for saving his life in the end.

The next morning, Parrot and Dean log on and fall down 100 blocks. It turns out Horace listened to his request. Parrot requests Horace to build a castle. Parrot and Dean fly to the main end island to see if anyone signed up for the civilization. They find out 
JumperWho
, 
4CVIT
 and 
Baablu
 signed up. They interview JumperWho first. Parrot invites JumperWho because he knows he can trust her because of everything they've been through, then he interviews 4CVIT. Parrot gets a bit worried because 4CVIT is wearing the Zam Empire shield however 4CVIT tells Perrot that he isn't part of Zam Empire anymore because they also chased him. 4CVIT tells Parrot that he needs more information about the civilization because he hasn't fully trusted Parrot yet and Parrot removes all of his armour and totem and tells 4C to kill him if he was sent by 
PrinceZam
 to kill him. He also makes a deal where if Parrot does invite him he will work on something else and they can ignore him. After 4C gets invited he flies away which makes Parrot a bit concerned. While Parrot interviews Baablu, Baablu tells Parrot that he can't go anywhere without it getting destroyed. Parrot invites Baablu to his civilization and tells him that there's nothing he can do to go back after he joins so he tells Baablu to get anything he still needs and asks Dean to lead him to the civilization. Parrot flies to the civilization and finds Wifies. Upon Dean and Baablu returning they warn Parrot and Wifies about invisible players 10 000 blocks away from the civilization. Parrot takes Wifies to the main end island and tells him that The Mafia tampered with spawn teleportation in the end. Wifies tests if the portal works for him and to his surprise, it does. After Parrot and Wifies return to the end civilization and the next day, Parrot and Dean find out the castle has been built along with a sign saying that they built outposts 1k-1.5k blocks away from the civilization.

Parrot and Dean fly back to the civilization and find Wifies, as they talk about the civilization they see an unexpected guest. 
Boosfer
 enters the civilization. Parrot tells Boosfer to leave but Boosfer does nothing but other Parrot about the civilization. Parrot tells Boosfer that his civilians will not be bribed by him but he tells Parrot how he found out the civilization's coordinates. Boosfer also tells Parrot he wants to become the king of the civilization. After Boosfer leaves, Parrot and Horace discuss on how they can make the civilization safer. Horace suggests that they could use chunk bans and Parrot agrees. Parrot visits Wifies in one of the outposts and Parrot writes a sign telling whoever sees the chunk ban prison to contact either him, Wifies or Dean to open the chunk ban. Upon flying back to the civilization they notice chunk bans all over the place. Horace turns off the chunk bans and Parrot and Wifies fly to the civilization. Dean returns telling them that he received a message from 
Dol9hin
 to deactivate the chunk bans. Parrot tells Dolphin to ender the island as he doesn't have much time to talk. Dolphin tells Parrot, Wifies and Dean that his friend 
What Max
 is also arriving to the civilization however Max asks Parrot if he is one of the 4 invisible guys jumping him. Parrot, Wifies and Dolphin fly to one of the towers. Parrot tells Max to follow him to an end city after they arrive to the outpost to fight the invisible players. Parrot's helmet breaks so he tells Wifies to take Dolphin and Max to the civilization while he flies away to distract the invisible players. Wifies tries to contact Parrot to help him and save him but Parrot couldn't respond since he was still getting jumped by members of The Mafia. Parrot runs out of fireworks and has to run from an invisible player. The invisible player gets distracted by endermen buying Parrot time to leave. Parrot tells WIfies his coordinates and Wifies gives Parrot rockets and invisibility. 

After going back to the civilization, Parrot tells Dolphin and Max about the election for king and both Dolphin and Max tell Parrot that they will vote for him. Parrot, Wifies, Horace and Dean work on the civilization over the course of the next few hours and Parrot works on a garden before logging off. The next day, Parrot notices the castle's interior has been finished along with a village. Wifies tells Parrot that he noticed a crater while he was at recon with Dean. He leads Parrot to where the crater was. After this, Parrot tells Wifies he still needs to find a way to get back to the overworld and goes to the main end island until they find Boosfer. They talk about the elections and Parrot tells Boosfer that he's confident in winning the election due to his loyalty to the people there while Boosfer has 2 people working for him. Boosfer tells them that loyalty is a figment of your imagination and leaves. 

Upon returning to the civilization, 4CVIT returns to the civilization impressed about how much has changed since he was last there. Parrot asks 4CVIT why he wasn't present in the civilization and 4CVIT tells Parrot that he was working on collecting resources for the civilization. 4CVIT also criticizes the civilization and said that it is going to be found and destroyed. 4CVIT tells Parrot that he needs to be in the civilization.

Parrot tells Wifies and Dean that there are new members in the civilization, 
Fantst
 and 
LettuceK
. Fantst warns Parrot about some invisible players. Parrot and Wifies find Dean and tell him about the new features and members and lead Dean to the civilization. They spot invisible players presumably building a TNT cannon along with a red line. They turn back and see a gold trimmed player riding an A1C Bomber plane. They realize that there are three A1C bomber planes. One of them wen through their obsidian wall so they mined it. After destroying all three bomber planes they have a meeting about how they can make the civilization stronger. Parrot tells Horace to build a dome with water. 4CVIT tells Parrot he has to leave to check on something so Parrot sends him out and gets 4 people to make sure that nothing fishy is going on. Parrot also made sure of him being elected and everyone agreed to vote Parrot. After this Parrot and Wifies talked about what happened in the past day and Wifies tells Parrot that he should tell everyone about the portal. Parrot opens another meeting telling everyone about The Mafia tampering with the end portal. The people didn't mind getting trapped in the end as long as nothing happens to the civilization. 

During the election day, Horace finishes building the orb so Parrot and Wifies place water all over the orb so that it can't get destroyed by TNT. Boosfer arrives with 
Kier
 and 
Dev
. What Boosfer didn't know was that Parrot had already told everyone that they were stuck in the end and they were fine with it. During the election, Kier and Dev vote for Parrot and play dumb. Kier and Dev insist that they leave and Parrot agrees however, if they want to join his civilization he will let them. After winning the election, Parrot returns to his garden and finds Dean. Parrot tells Dean that he actually feels safe in the civilization now however, Dean warns Parrot about an invisible player in the town square. Parrot gets worried and flies searching for the player. He decides to check the chunk ban. Parrot asks Dean why he didn't say anything about it and Dean tells Parrot he was scared. The civilization has another meeting where Dean tells them that there was an invisible person hiding and everyone assembled to find the invisible player.     

They notice their civilization getting attacked again as they spot A1C bombers flying again. While they try to destroy the A1C bombers, Horace tells Parrot to check the sewers which Parrot wasn't aware of. As they check the sewers they find a bunch of shulkers. Something ticks in Parrot's mind to check the chunk bans. He realizes that they were disabled and starts to panic. Before he realizes it, The Mafia attacks the civilization and there's a diamond trimmed player present in the attack. They focus on the diamond trimmed player until the diamond player starts macing them. Parrot tells them to retreat because it isn't worth dying to a diamond player like that. Parrot deactivates the chunk ban allowing the members of the civilization to flee. They head to one of the outposts. Parrot tells them that the empire isn't going to get blown up because if they wanted to blow it up they would've done it already so Parrot decides to destroy the civilization himself as he states that it shouldn't exist if he's not running it. Parrot tells 4CVIT about the civilization getting raided and 4CVIT shows Parrot what he's been working on the entire time. After Parrot tells 4C that he wants to destroy the empire, 4C gives Parrot, Wifies and Dean a bunch of TNT. As they head back to the civilization, Wifies notices that the dome is gone. As they place TNT around the entire  castle, Parrot gets caught so Wifies distracts the invisible players. After Parrot ignites the TNT, he thinks about the old memories they had during their time leading the civilization.    

Analysis

The scene where 
Parrot
, 
Wifies
, 
Dolphin
 and 
Max
 get attacked in the end and Parrot barely escaping changes the course of Parrot and Wifies' friendship as revealed in 
Hunting a Minecraft Player Who Doesn't Exist
.

Trivia

This still remains the most popular Unstable video to date, with over 15M views.

This is the first Unstable video to use custom music.

Other videos which use custom music are 
Unstable SMP: The First War
, 
Unstable SMP: Doomsday
, 
I Explored a Deserted Minecraft Civilization
, 
I Explored an Abandoned Minecraft Civilization
, all of FlameFrags' videos, 
How I HUNTED a Hardcore Minecraft SMP
, 
How I SURVIVED a Hardcore Minecraft Tournament
, and more.

Thumbnail

The thumbnail of this video, like 
I Got Hunted By Minecraft's Deadliest Players
, depicts 
Parrot
 and 
Wifies
 (left to slightly less left) looking at the 
End Civilisation
 (center-right). Parrot is standing, while Wifies is crouching and using a spyglass.

Gallery