As the king of this server, I'm going to do whatever it takes to stop them... creating an army of 10's of thousands of players
— 
ParrotX2

I Created the World's Largest Minecraft Army
 is the 129th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

Parrot
 begins the episode by explaining that In five days, the Cindercrest army is going to invade his kingdom. As the king of Unstable, Parrot will do everything in his power to stop them, so he has to garner an army to fight back. Luckily for him, there's always tens of thousands of players online at all time, and his goal is to create one bigger than any of the ones in the past.

As of now, it's not going to be easy to gather up that many players. His only teammates are his friends 
TheobaldTheBird
 and 
ReinaDrop
. They were drained out of all their resources after traveling back from their failed 
Skymore Civilization
. They follow a trail down to 
Merchant City
, but is stopped by a group of bandits who stop them to rob them out of their gear. Parrot begs to let them free, the leader of the bandits, RocketBandit3 says they're on his land now. Parrot threatens them by bringing Theo up and says he can 20v1 them, but they see right through them. RocketBandit hits Parrot down to half a heart, he panics, then asks them to join his army, in which they'll get far more gear and food than if they were to kill him right there. RocketBandit agrees so, as well as the others. He holds a small speech and tells all the bandits he's willing to let any bandit join his army as long as they promise not to steal or hurt anyone else. RocketBandit tells Parrot he can bring him to the bandit base.

The army goes up to the front of the bandit base, Parrot asks to see the bandit king and the guards tell him to leave. Parrot tells them he has an offer the king can't refuse, so they let him in and threatens him if he tries anything. He goes up to the king, OutlawAndrew, and tells him about Cindercrest and how they're going to try and take back their land and asks the bandits for a helping hand. Andrew laughs and says they take things by force. Parrot makes an offer; his best warrior fights their best warrior, and picks Theo to fight. Andrew tells Parrot he knows who Theo is, and since they're on his land, they play by his rules and makes Parrot choose somebody else. Parrot chooses Reina to fight, Theo yells at Parrot and tells him he sold by picking her. Andrew accepts Reina as Parrot's fighter and gets his fighter, ralamus, to come forward. They go to the fighting arena, Parrot gives Reina a trident and tells her she can beat him. As Andrew counts down for the fight to start, Reina throws the trident, which causes dripstone to fall and kill ralamus. The crowd is completely silent while Theo cheers for Reina. Parrot goes up to Andrew and welcomes him to the army.

Parrot gets to Merchant City with his army, his next plan is to hire the 
Merchant City Vanguard
. They stop at the gates, the guards tell Parrot they're not allowed to come in with the bandits. Parrot is allowed to come in alone and convinces the guards to let Theo and Reina come with him. Parrot goes to 
DanchoGold
 and requests 150,000 diamonds and 300 of his men with a 3:1 return. Dancho laughs and reminds Parrot that he's still in debt to him and knows he's uncapable of paying that back, and so, he gets his guards to surround them and arrest Parrot. Parrot gives Theo the sigh to cart them and take Dancho hostage, which was their plan all along to try and get the vanguard on their side. They get out of the building and see the entire vanguard spread across Merchant City, they have to get Dancho out safely. Parrot and Theo tell the vanguard to back up otherwise they kill Dancho. Parrot tells the guards holding the gate to open it, the guards tell him if they kill Dancho, they'll drop down and kill him. Parrot tells the vanguard that if they join his army, once the war is over, he'll let Dancho free. One of the players speaks up and says if Dancho is dead, they won't have to work for him anymore, which changed all of their minds and likes the idea of killing him. Dancho gets on a stray horse and runs away, adding 300 more playing to Parrot's army.

The next part of Parrot's plan is to head over to the Nether and talk to 
ClownPierce
. Theo is skeptical about it, but Parrot says it's the only way to get resources for his army. Before Parrot goes through, he tells Theo and Reina to set up base where the bandit base was. Parrot explains that the Nether is a dangerous dimension that's controlled by Clown and usually anyone who tries to enter the Nether is killed. Since Parrot is the king, they made an exception for him. Parrot tells Clown the reason why he's here, Cindercrest is going to invade his army and he wants to buy 40,000 TNT from Clown. Clown reminds Parrot that he raided his vault half a year ago and asks what he could possibly be doing with that much TNT. Parrot says it doesn't matter and asks how much he owes him. Clown says it's typically 20,000, but he triples the price for all the damages of his vault. Parrot knows Clown is scamming and begins to head off to buy from someone else. Clown says Cindercrest is already departing and will arrive to his kingdom in less than 24 hours and says he hopes he finds someone else fast. Parrot thinks Clown is bluffing, and Clown says he's more fitting to be a jester than a king. He goes on and says Cindercrest came to him and bought loads of items from him as well, and if he doesn't have the gear to fight back, he's not going to win. Parrot gives in and gives Clown all of the diamonds. Parrot goes to follow the guards, Clown stops him and says he wasn't originally a fan of Parrot opening up spawn, but thinks it's one of the best decisions he's ever made. Clown then tells Parrot he's always welcome to come back to buy something, but if he ever comes to the Nether for any reason besides that, he's going to kill him.

Now that he has the resources to grow his army, Parrot is unsure if there was enough time. Parrot tells his army the bad news, he tells Theo he spent all the funds to buy 40,000 TNT, which Theo is shook by, and Reina reassures him that Parrot has a plan. He doesn't know if Clown was actually telling the truth, so he tasks Theo and Reina to scout them out. Parrot has a plan for the rest of his army, he believes he can grow the army to 10,000 players with the help of the army. While that's happening, Theo and Reina headed deeper into Cindercrest territory. They go through biome after biome, until they reach a snowy biome where they hear the horn being blown. They see a massive 
blimp
 flying towards the direction of spawn and hundreds, if not thousands of players in full netherite walking the same direction. Reina looks up and sees two players standing on top of the blimp, Theo sees them and notices that it's 
FlameFrags
 and 
ShoeBilly
. Theo accidentally places water and it falls down the hill, two Cindercrest members notices it and inspects it, Theo and Reina hide right below their feet, and the players don't see anybody. Theo and Reina head back to spawn once the coast is clear. 

With Cindercrest arriving to Parrot's kingdom in less than a day, Parrot goes to the next place to recruit more players. They head to 
The Law
's base, who was once the biggest army on the server. Even after the war against The Law, they still had a thousand soldiers, which was double than Parrot's army. Getting Law wasn't about getting more players, it was more so about the gear they had to supply thousands of players. Parrot keeps his army behind while he walks up to 
SargeLAW
. Sarge tells him to leave before Parrot could explain himself. Parrot tells him what he's told everyone else, Cindercrest is coming to invade his kingdom and they're going to kill all of the new players. Sarge says he believes Parrot, but is going to join Cindercrest. Parrot asks Sarge to join them, but he's reluctant and says no, so Parrot walks past him and asks the lawmen to make a decision to either join him, or if they stay on Sarge's side, he assumes they're going to join Cindercrest and will have no other choice than to kill them. Tons of lawmen join Parrot's side, Parrot begs for anymore to come up and join him. Parrot says he doesn't want to kill everyone, Sarge says Theo isn't there with him and they don't have a chance to win the fight. Parrot asks RocketBandit if everything was setup, and RocketBandit says it's ready. Parrot readies his bow and shoots at a target, which blows up the entire front of the base and kills off a ton of the remaining lawmen who were on Cindercrest's side. A battle breaks out between Parrot's and SargeLAW's army, in the end, Parrot's army has won and they looted the entirety of the base. 

With all of the gear and players from The Law, Parrot can grow his army big enough to defeat Cindercrest. He goes back to spawn to expand the army as fast as possible. It cuts to more cinematic scenes, over at spawn, players can choose to live in 
Capitol City
 or join the army, players build up a new path that directs whoever wants to join the army to another castle where all of the gear is. Players are farming, mining a massive chunk, practice fighting, and much more. Parrot is writing in a book when Theo and Reina come back and tells him that they're cooked. Parrot doesn't say anything about that and says they came back in time since he was just about to give a speech to his army. The episode ends as Parrot tells them to follow him, Theo says if they're going to fight back, they're going to need thousands.

Parrot says they're going to need tens of thousands and shows them the massive army he was able to garner up, even 
Fymada
 shows up with her own group of players to join the army.

Trivia

The video's title with A/B testing will either show it as I Created the World's Largest Minecraft Army or I Created the World's Largest Army. This may be subject to change.

ReinaDrop's pov is shown in this video.

Starting from 
Searching For 1000 Players Who Went Missing
, every protagonist uploaded 2 days apart from each other up until this video.