2 week minecraft phase in 1 video
— 
Wemmbu

I Created Minecraft's Greatest Civilization
 is the 8th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.  

Plot

The episode starts off with 
PrinceZam
 summoning 
Wemmbu
 to his castle in the 
Zam Empire
 for a meeting. PrinceZam tells him that since he helped Wemmbu ban 
SpokeIsHere
, the villain of the server, off, Wemmbu still owes him a favor. He wants Wemmbu to build him a 
colony
 of the Zam Empire to guard a vault he has. He also gives Wemmbu lots of materials to build the empire, and tells him to not go into the vault. Wemmbu gives PrinceZam all of his elytras to make space in his ender chest.

Wemmbu heads to the coordinates PrinceZam sent him, located on the top of a big hill in a plains biome. The vault is under a red tulip and when he digs down, he finds a big obsidian box, but doesn’t go in it. He gets started on building a town hall for the colony, but realizes that he doesn’t have the necessary skills to make a good-looking build, so just builds a starter wooden house which he calls the shed.

Another key factor Wemmbu would need to create a colony would be people to live in it, so he invites one of his friends, 
Eggchan
, to help him establish it. He meets Egg and they head to his house near 
spawn
, but find that it’s been blown up. Having a new source of motivation to grow this colony since they’re now homeless, Wemmbu and Egg get to work on a new pumpkin farm and storage room for all of the shulkers of materials under the shed.

Wemmbu soon discovers that Egg isn’t very good at Minecraft, so he heads into the nether to gather materials for an ender pearl stasis chamber in case anything goes wrong. He sets both of their stases in the room below the shed and shows Egg how to use it. He starts farming the pumpkin farm when 
FlameFrags
, one of PrinceZam’s guards, arrives at the colony. What was weird was that Flame wasn’t wearing his Zam Empire armor or shield. He starts attacking Wemmbu, who stasises away into the shed’s underground bunker where Egg is waiting for him. 

They form a plan, where Egg will go out to lure Flame to the underground bunker, where Wemmbu will set up traps of TNT for him. He gives Egg his combat kit and a crash course on how to survive PVPing someone. Using the TNT minecarts, they escape and Flame leaves the colony. Wemmbu is dismayed when he finds out that Egg broke the entirety of his god set, leaving them broke with nothing but a blown up colony. The shulker box with all of the redstone in it was also blown up.

He shows Egg the vault PrinceZam asked him to guard, and Egg wants to look inside of it, but Wemmbu doesn’t let him. He theorizes that that’s why Flame came to the colony. They build a villager breeder, a block of campfires, and a two block high obsidian wall as a defense around the central area of the colony. Wemmbu starts a raid to obtain more totems. They also make a dripstone trap in front of the shed, a TNT minecart trap at the entrance, and start regearing their armor. Another player called C4CorvetteOwner is invited into their colony, but later leaves.

Later, a big group of rather undergeared players, 
LettuceK
, 
Twirps
, 
Spongs
, 
youri_mc
, 
Falconu
, and 
Jaden_MAN
, which FlameFrags ordered to kill them show up. They engage in a big fight and eventually chase the players away, winning the battle thanks to Wemmbu’s elytra. However, the battle left them with an even more blown up colony. The strange thing was that no one tried to get into the obsidian vault. Their only goal seemed to be to kill Wemmbu. Since the situation seems to be suspicious, Egg suggests cutting them off from the Zam Empire, but Wemmbu tells him that it’s a bad idea and gives him a history lesson on the Zam Empire. 

Both Egg and Wemmbu suck at building, so they invite a professional builder called 
Horace_Altman
 to give feedback on their work. After a few minutes of being criticized by him, Wemmbu gives up and just hires him for twelve emeralds to build them a real colony using the materials in their shulker boxes. 

The next day, Wemmbu and Egg return to the colony to find that Horace built an entire castle as the center of the town and an entire village at the base of the hill just like the Zam Empire. They pay him twelve more emeralds to make other renovations to the colony and add another town hall. 

They start recruiting residents in their colony and their first recruit is 
TheRealSquiddo
, who was previously 
chunk banned
 by Wemmbu. He is surprised to see her and asks her how she managed to get unbanned. Squiddo tells him that she just logged on and ended up outside of a prison unbanned. When they are heading up to the castle, they see a message in chat that 
ClownPierce
 has logged on. Wemmbu notices that 
ParrotX2
 is also online and explains to Egg that ClownPierce is one of the people who are at FlameFrag’s skill level. They then recruit another two resident, Dione4K and 
Block_Facts
 to their colony. 

They return to the castle and a while later, spot two players in full netherite landing in the town square, one invis, who is Parrot, and the other, ClownPierce. He lands at the castle and asks them about Parrot’s whereabouts. He starts looking around the castle as Wemmbu receives a message from Parrot saying “help me.” Once Clown leaves to look for Parrot, he reveals himself and asks for help. Wemmbu tells him to hide in the villager breeder, but Clown returns and starts killing all of his villagers, somehow sensing that Parrot is in there. Eventually, Clown goes away. 

Parrot tells them that Clown was hired by PrinceZam to assassinate him. They go to the shed’s underground bulker to talk. Clown blew up 
Wifies's
 house and jumped Parrot and Wifies. Parrot had gotten Wifies and a bunch of Spoke’s henchmen out of the chunk bans, which was why Zam had put a bounty on his head. Wemmbu realizes that that was how Squiddo had gotten out, and that Parrot had basically undid weeks of work. Wemmbu tells him that he is with Zam, and Parrot immediately gets out of the shed. Wemmbu tells him that he trusts Zam, but Parrot questions it and Wemmbu finds out that Spoke isn’t chunk banned anymore. He decides to let Parrot go, and Parrot tells him that he could free 
Fantst
, one of Spoke’s underlings in a chunk ban, and get him to join their colony. 

Before they can go free Fantst, PrinceZam and two of his guards, 
ManePear
 and 
Merffinn
, show up and ask for an update on how things are going. Wemmbu tells him everything and asks why FlameFrags attacked them and why ClownPierce was hunting Parrot. PrinceZam says that Flame betrayed them but says nothing about Clown. He checks the vault and tells Wemmbu that he is glad that no one broke into the vault. He leaves ManePear and Merffinn at the colony to protect them. 

They successfully free Fantst from the chunk ban and recruit him as a resident of their colony. While at the chunk ban, they find 
rekrap2's
 base nearby, Parrot and the rest of his 
prison-breaking team's
 headquarters. They find two sets of god armor and lots of OP items. They take everything of use from that base and get stacked from the loot. They make another vault below the first one under the shed to store all of their stuff. Wemmbu sends Egg a railgun tutorial to build one as a defense using all of the redstone they gained, as well as terraform a hill to hide it. Egg starts building a gold farm, so Wemmbu goes to check it out. 

Horace messages Wemmbu to head back to their colony. When they arrive, they see that Horace built giant wall at least thirty blocks tall around the entire colony, as well as sprawling farms and a town hall. Later, ManePear and Merffinn ask to see all of their traps, but at night, Wemmbu catches them tampering and rigging the railgun so that it wouldn’t work. He stays undercover and doesn’t interrupt them to not raise any suspicions. In the morning, while the guards are logged off, they check the railgun and find that they weren’t very discreet in sabotaging it. 

After recruiting another resident called 
Spepticle
 to their colony, Wemmbu takes Egg to the castle and tells him about the guards’ sabotage. Egg tells him that since this happened, there was no reason not to look into the vault. The guards had moved the auto-loader and left wood blocks on the machine. Egg then asks why they wouldn’t want them to kill FlameFrags. After checking the other traps, it seems that the guards hadn’t touched anything else. Wemmbu wants to ask PrinceZam about this, but Egg convinces him not to because then PrinceZam wouldn’t tell him anything, and he would also know. Egg wants them to trust Parrot instead of PrinceZam, and most important of all, to look in the vault. Wemmbu lets Egg check the vault and says that if they get caught, they could just blame it on Dione. However, they discover the vault is empty. 

Egg says that they are virtually useless because there is nothing that they’re guarding. Either PrinceZam is an awful emperor, or that they don’t know everything. Now Wemmbu is questioning everything they’ve worked for. Egg proposes that they get information out of the guards, since they probably know what’s going on. 

Wemmbu and Egg go about minding their own business, until Parrot shows up again, this time asking for their protection. He says that he had joined another team, made up of 
Leow0ok
, 
JumperWho
, 
Derapchu
, and 
WoogieX
, whose only goal was to kill ClownPierce, but they didn’t care about his safety at all, so he left them. The Wemmbu civilization was now the only team on the server that could protect him. Wemmbu agrees to take him in because if he tells ManePear and Merffinn that Parrot joined their colony, if ClownPierce and FlameFrags showed up at their doorstep right after, then that would confirm everything about Zam. 

Wemmbu also asks Parrot to build other traps, since ManePear and Merffinn already found all of the defenses they have. Parrot builds them a chunk ban trap to defend against invaders. Wemmbu tells him that they won’t risk the entire Wemmbu civilization for keeping Parrot safe, but they will try to protect him. He also explains why the Wemmbu civilization was created in the first place. Parrot goes to start building the chunk bans while Wemmbu and Egg gear up the citizens.

They grab all of the PVP kits they have and bring everyone to the town hall, as well as a new citizen called 
expchan
. Wemmbu makes amends with Fantst and Fantst tells him that Parrot is trustworthy. He gathers everyone and tells them not to trust ManePear and Merffinn, to ignore them, Parrot is building chunk ban traps called flycatchers, so don’t go near them, and that ClownPierce and FlameFrags may be showing up at any moment.

Merffinn finally log back on and Wemmbu gives them an update on the empire, making sure to tell them that Parrot is now a citizen in the Wemmbu civilization. 

A while later, Wemmbu and Egg spot Parrot frantically flying towards them. He tells them that there are people at the front gate who are planning to attack them. Jaden_MAN was chunk banned, but there were still more than they were comfortable with, so they gather all of the citizens and head to the gate, where FlameFrags, Falconu, LettuceK, Spongs, and an invis player that was most definitely ClownPierce. They build a TNT cannon to shoot at them, but don’t have a daylight sensor, so the cannon blows up. Eventually the enemies find out that they can pearl in, so a battle ensues in the city walls, where the crop fields get bombed. 

Parrot has to dip and regear mid fight because his boots broke, but eventually, they manage to chase their opponents away. Wemmbu proclaims it as a victory as no one dropped, even though they’re drained of resources and half the town is bombed. Once they restock, Parrot thanks them for their help and leaves to mind his own business, while Wemmbu and Egg start brainstorming ways to get rid of FlameFrags. 

Wemmbu and Egg start discussing what had just happened when out of nowhere, FlameFrags appears at the top of the hill, pots up, and starts attacking. He takes the fight to a nearby ocean monument to try and stall Flame, but the elder guardian, a crucial part of his plan, despawns, leaving Wemmbu helpless and without rockets. They return to the colony, where Egg distracts Flame while Wemmbu escapes with a nearly broken trident. However, when Egg got away, Flame finds Wemmbu and starts attacking once again. Just when Wemmbu is about to drop, Flame stops attacking and lets him live, leaving for some unknown reason. Wemmbu and Egg return and group up at the castle, finding PrinceZam, 
Sorhin
, Merffinn, and FlameFrags waiting for them. 

PrinceZam, as always asks for a tour, so Wemmbu shows him everything. He then exposes Zam for everything that he’s done to the Wemmbu civilization, but this time, Zam doesn’t make anything up or try lie to him. PrinceZam tells Wemmbu that Flame was working to kill him under his orders all along, and that now, he doesn’t consider Wemmbu as a big enough threat to actually do anything, so he orders his guards to blow up the empire. PrinceZam tells him that he is unbelievably weak, so much so that he should just get out of the Zam Empire’s way. Wemmbu responds that this was just PrinceZam’s way to laugh not being able to stop the weakest player on the server, Parrot, from breaking into his prisons and freeing everyone that was chunk banned, and that ClownPierce had already failed at killing Parrot. 

As Wemmbu and PrinceZam stand there watching the colony blow up, Wemmbu tells him that PrinceZam had made a big mistake in underestimating him.

Trivia

The castle in the thumbnail didn't appear canonically in the series.

Navigation