the empire rises..
— 
Wemmbu

I Discovered a Minecraft Sky Civilization
 is the 20th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

The episode begins with 
Wemmbu
 emulating skyblock in Spawn until he saw 3 invisible players flying to 
Skyblock Civilization
. Wemmbu begins exploring until he finds 
Pangi
. Pangi tells Wemmbu that he has to take him to 
Jaron
 since they kill outsiders. Jaron tells Wemmbu that the civilization is supposed to be private and he's heard a few things about Wemmbu and also states that if he doesn't become a citizen they have to kill him. Wemmbu attempts to escape the civilization but gets caught by 
Straight
. Straight tells him he will kill him if he leaves. He then takes Wemmbu to Jaron and tells promises that he will always watch him. 

Pangi takes Wemmbu to the farms of the civilization and teaches him how to work on those farms and store them in storage rooms. Wemmbu and Pangi work on the farms while other civilians just watch. After a while Straight returns to check up on Wemmbu and tells him that he will be watching over him. Pangi tells Straight that Wemmbu was talking trash about him and that he can beat him in a fight. Wemmbu begins complaining to Straight that he's an incredibly skilled PvPer forcing him to do these tasks. Their argument comes to an end when Straight tells Wemmbu to 1v1 him. If Wemmbu wins, he can leave but if Straight wins, Wemmbu has to stop complaining about the city.

Wemmbu enters the colosseum where he would do a sumo duel with Straight. They both get their inventories cleared up and make it to the platform where they would begin their 1v1. Wemmbu attempts to combo Straight to the edge but Straight gains the upper hand and wins the 1v1. 

Wemmbu and 
Wato
 have a conversation on how they ended up in Skyblock Civilization. Wemmbu explains that he followed 3 invisible players and didn't think he would get stuck against his will. Wato explains that he joined to hide from ClownPierce since he betrayed him by refusing to respawn the ender dragon after Wemmbu and 
PrinceZam
 solved the escape room. Wemmbu asks if Wato can leave in which he responds by saying that normal citizens like him can leave but they are in war time. 

They head to Wato's secret home and Wato gives him a tour around his home. Wemmbu goes back to grinding materials until Pangi shows up again. Pangi tells Wemmbu he has to take a break and shows him his house. He shows him around his house and then shows him around his house. Wemmbu finds Pangi's basement which was in progress. Wemmbu and Wato throw a bunch of eggs to hatch chickens where they would then make noise to cover up villagers. Pangi returns and they continue working on their basement. 

As they work on the basement, Straight returns and takes Wato to the castle to see Jaron. Wemmbu follows Wato and Straight secretly to eavesdrop in their conversation. They discuss about why Wato shouldn't do any meaningless tasks and instead do something impactful. Jaron tells Wato to go on a scouting mission to clear the airspace to prevent more people entering the civilization without any notice so they have likely left something behind. Wemmbu interrupts their conversation and states that they in fact did leave something behind and mentions what happened before he ended up in Skyblock Civilization. Wemmbu then tells them to take him to the mission with them so that he can show them the skyblock island at spawn.     

They set their stasises for Wato to pull when they are done and pearl onto spawn. Wemmbu finds an ender chest and he gears up. He shows Straight and Jaron the skyblock island where he was playing skyblock on until three 
invisible players
 show up on the island. The iron trimmed player tells them that they are "investigating" the island. Wemmbu, Straight and Jaron pot up and begin attacking the invisible players. One of them dies from fall damage. During the fight, Straight kills the iron trim while the other no trim runs away. They return to the island and destroy it. Before Wato pulls the stasis, Wemmbu asks Jaron why the civilization doesn't have villagers; Jaron tells Wemmbu that they don't need villagers because they are only obtainable outside of skyblock. Jaron believes its fun without villagers and they don't need any. Wemmbu tells them that he wants to leave Skyblock Civilization and he has the items to leave; if Straight hunts him down he can just ruin the economy. Straight tells Wemmbu that he can kill him quickly. Wemmbu, realizing he has no other choice puts all his items into his ender chest but he smuggles 6 ender chests.      

Wato pulls their stasis chambers and Wemmbu heads to Pangi's basement along with Wato to show him what he had smuggled but Straight follows them the entire time and watches them. Wato distracts Straight by telling him about the stasis chambers and the security of the Skyblock Civilization and he tells him to destroy the stasis chamber. Straight leaves to do so leaving Wemmbu and Wato alone. Wemmbu finally shows Wato the ender chests that he had smuggled on their mission; Wato is impressed and also warns Wemmbu about showcasing items that "aren't obtainable" in Skyblock Civilization.         

Pangi enters Wemmbu's house and tries to take them to a drowned farm that he had been working on. Wemmbu and Wato try to reject the offer because they were worried that Straight will get mad; they then proceed because they feel bad for Pangi. Pangi gives them cobblestone slabs to fill up the top of the farm. As they finish, they continue hanging out with Pangi. Wemmbu and Wato have a discussion about the unobtainable items. Wemmbu tells Wato that he will spy on Jaron with invisibility. After their discussion, Wemmbu goes to visit Loppezz and her snow civilization. Wemmbu tells them that he will only join if they help him distract Jaron.            

Wemmbu tries to break in to the castle only to find Straight. Straight interrogates Wemmbu about his motives for sneaking in. Wemmbu lies to him stating that he's helping Jaron integrate a new feature in the castle and Jaron doesn't want anyone else to know. Wemmbu tells Straight that he can ask Wato about it. After Straight leaves, Wemmbu warns Wato that Straight is going to interrogate him before breaking into the castle. Wemmbu uses invisibility while hiding on the ceiling of the meeting room. During meeting Jaron discusses about the invisible players and finding out where they reside by leaving one alive. Straight gets dismissed and Jaron begins placing shulkers, presumably the unobtainable items. Wemmbu leaves the castle and goes back to his house where he meets Pangi and While searching for Wato, Wato messages him saying Straight is coming and that they should hide. Straight spots Wemmbu and interrogates him. Wemmbu and Pangi make up a fake story about it being Pangi's birthday tomorrow and that they're preparing and that the berry farm needs to be fixed. Straight says he sometimes agrees with Wemmbu. Straight says they should sometimes work together. He says Jaron is sometimes over-the-top and he says Wemmbu probably heard about the conversation between Jaron and Wemmbu confirms. Wemmbu says he saw Jaron pull out shulker boxes as soon as When Straight left the room. Wemmbu even adds on top that he even heard an ender chest open suggesting Jaron owns an ender chest. Straight says tomorrow, Jaron is going to have a meeting on the Invis Players to clear everyone's minds up and he says that's the perfect time to bring it up. Straight also addresses a glaring issue; the fact that Wemmbu isn't a citizen of Skyblock Civilization yet so they plan to interview players.              

Wato, out of nowhere shows up out of the floorboards and freaks out Straight about anymore other players listening in the Walls. Wato is the first interviewee. They ask Wato about the Invis Players and What he knoWs about them. They spot Pangi and interview him. Wemmbu also asks Pangi about his choice to farm sweetberries. Pangi says he hasn't really seen any invisible players except from the horizon.  Straight tasks Pangi to fix the slime farm. They then interview 
loppezz
, 
Lettuce
 and 
Arcn
. They search their chests and finds a book named "if only" signed by Lettuce although the book doesn't have any relation to the 
Invis Players
. Arcn says he knoWs the location to 
Capital City
 and that he still knows the location and coordinates there. Loppezz says she doesn't know anything about the Invis Players and she doesn't know what that even means. Wemmbu asks Arcn if he knows anyother player from Capital City and he leads them to 
Naparizel
. Wemmbu asks 
Horace Altman
 to all the civilizations that he built. Wemmbu asks Horace about what 
End Civilization
 that got destroyed. They take Horace With them. The group goes to Jaron and tells him about the Invis Players and where they saw them. Wemmbu then asks Jaron a few questions about obtaining villagers and other items. Jaron argues that if players have items they'll kill each other. Jaron also brings up how Capital City presumably fell when the poor citizens overthrew  the rich citizens so if everyone is of equal wealth, that class division goes away.               

Jaron commissions them to explore and gain intel on the Mafia base in the abandoned End Civilization. On the way, Straight trains them and he first talks about critical hits which prompts Wemmbu into demanding a rematch Which he once again loses. Napa also trains with Straight. Horace leads the way to the End Civilization but first, he leads them to the End Civilization outposts. They split up search for any intel around the CIvilization. Wemmbu reads their signs. Straight's invisibility wears off and the invisible players chase after him and they're forced to fight. They focus on killing the trimmed players. They take one hostage but they accidentally kill the invis player before they could interrogate him. They then leave and goes to Capital City to gain more intel. They have a discussion on Whether they should leave.                

They arrive in Capital City and they start reading signs and collecting rare items from the buildings. Straight informs Wemmbu about the fight happening at the center, They start losing the fight as Diamond-Trimmed players start showing up. They are forced to run and they meet up in a trial chamber. They find out that the ominous vaults have all been destroyed. They stasis back to the castle. They report back to Jaron. Jaron says they'll have a final decision tomorrow with a vote on the status of Skyblock Civilization. Jaron says he's going to completely remake all of Skyblock Civilization and they'll be allowed to leave. Wemmbu reveals that Jaron has ender chests to Pangi. Pangi says he can't make it tomorrow so he leaves early. Wemmbu and Straight train once more for the final time.               

The meeting starts. For the first time, they see Jaron on his throne. Jaron calls Wemmbu to the side to talk With him for a bit. Jaron gives Wemmbu one of the only remaining 
Maces
 left on the server. Jaron says there's someone in the civilization that they cannot trust. Jaron says there's a traitor in Skyblock Civilization. Jaron says everyone might die at the meeting. Jaron says he can trust Wemmbu and that he has contraband. Jaron addresses the reason for the meeting Which is to address the crisis With the invisible players. Wemmbu finally reveals that Skyblock Civilization is made of contraband and that Jaron oWns shulkers and ender-chests. Wemmbu leaves the castle and his elytra breaks as he's flying on top of Skyblock Civilization. Wemmbu asks Straight Why he's making a nether portal. Wemmbu questions Straight's motives.               

The Episode ends as Straight forces Wemmbu to leave as Striaght lights the Nether Portal and lets the Invisible Players raid Skyblock Civilization.               

Trivia

This video shows that the height limit is higher than regular on Unstable.

Wemmbu's elytra was enchanted in the beginning, but became unenchanted in the next scene when he lands in Sky Civilization.

Thumbnail

This episode, like 
Breaking into Minecraft's Most Illegal Vault
, depicts 
Wemmbu
 (bottom right) staring up at a big building, in this case Skyblock Civilisation, with a diamond pickaxe in his hand.