bro where even am I
 
— 
Wemmbu

I Escaped Minecraft's Forgotten Dimension
 is the 76th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

The episode starts off with 
Wemmbu
 entering the Nether and immediately getting hit into a void trap made by 
Boosfer
. Quickly thinking, he pearls up and makes it back up and starts attacking Boosfer. Wemmbu manages to knock Boosfer down the trap, but Boosfer uses a fishing rod to lure Wemmbu down with him. Rather than taking damage from the void, the two fall down to a new 
dimension
 underneath the Nether. They are not able to break or place blocks inside of this dimension. 

Wemmbu starts to explore the dimension and finds a player riding a Happy Ghast, and starts to follow them. Eventually the player and their Happy Ghast gets low enough to the ground for Wemmbu to hit, Wemmbu gets on the Happy Ghast and steals it, he uses it to explore a bit more. Wemmbu discovers a tower with brewing stands and potion materials, allowing him to brew invisibility potions and fighting potions. 

Three 
soul keepers
 come to the tower with Happy Ghasts as well, Boosfer is seen being held hostage by them. They try to imprison Wemmbu as well, but this causes a fight to start. The soul keepers run away, Wemmbu explores further and finds a giant castle with cages with players inside of them in front. Wemmbu sneaks into the castle and eavesdrops on Boosfer talking to the soul keepers. When they leave, Wemmbu tries to get Boosfer to drop his mace, Boosfer talking alerts the soul keepers and they begin to fight again. They trap Wemmbu in a corner since he isn't able to break blocks and begins to break his armor. Wemmbu surrenders and lets them imprison him. A few soul keepers then leave to find more Happy Ghasts.

Wemmbu and Boosfer talk, and Boosfer uses a pearl he smuggled and teleports out of the cage. They make a truce to help each other escape the dimension. Boosfer gives Wemmbu his mace and a pearl to get out the cage. Wemmbu jumps a soul keeper and kills one of them. Wemmbu and Boosfer explore the castle for loot. The two stumble across a gold block that makes their game lag, it is unknown if this block has a purpose.

They go back to the tower from earlier, Wemmbu convinces Boosfer that they would work together to get out, instead he attacks Boosfer trying to get the pearls from him. Boosfer says if Wemmbu doesn't kill him, he'll actually help get them both out of here. They sneak back to the big castle using invisibility potions, their plan was to steal a Happy Ghast and get out of there, but Boosfer was spotted. They still manage to get on a Happy Ghast, but the soul keepers are able to catch up to them. When they get to where the void trap was set, they find a base built by the soul keepers there. They use their pearls to glitch through the bedrock without having to use the void trap to avoid being seen. Boosfer manages to get back up, and he goes to regear while Wemmbu fights off the soul keepers. Boosfer comes back with wind charges and experience for Wemmbu, allowing him to be able to use the mace. Once Wemmbu killed their leader, the rest retreat. Wemmbu and Boosfer get back up, escaping this dimension.

Boosfer asks Wemmbu if he's going to kill him now, instead, Wemmbu gives Boosfer his mace back and tells him not to leak his identity. Boosfer agrees not to, and promises to not attack Capital City either as a truce for not banning him. Wemmbu then splashes himself with invisibility, hiding his identity once again. The camera than pans across most of the key underworld locations before coming to rest on the mysterious gold block.

Trivia

In Wemmbu's previous video, Boosfer can be heard cheering as Wemmbu takes damage at the end. However, neither Boosfer laughing or the rapid damage ticks can be heard at the beginning of this video.