After opening up spawn, tons of new players began flooding into the Unstable SMP... heading to Capitol City for a safe place to live. However, it wasn't long until I realized that the Capitol City Police were up to something shady.
— 
ParrotX2

I Exposed a Corrupt Minecraft Civilization
 is the 122nd episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

After 
Parrot
 opened up spawn, tens of thousands flooded into the server and moved into 
Capitol City
. However, rumors started spreading about Capitol City's police force has been arresting these new players. Parrot decided to ignore these rumors since one of his best friends, 
Fymada
, was running the city. One day, the police force stormed through the castle with the intent of arresting Parrot as their next target. The leader of the group says Parrot is under arrest for the death of 43 players inside of Capitol City, 
TheobaldTheBird
 says Parrot wasn't capable of even killing that many players, but Parrot decides to go with them to avoid anymore trouble.

Parrot is sent to the courtroom, the judge named JudgeCourtalomew sentences Parrot to trial for the murders of the players, Parrot interrupts him and says he hasn't been in Capitol City in days. Courtalomew has one of the witnesses named pineengine speak up, asking if they saw Parrot commit the murders, but pineengine says they didn't see Parrot and only a death message, they were then assassinated by a falling anvil. Courtalomew decides to continue the trial and brings up Fymada for her side of the story. Fymada tells the judge that Parrot had no reason to do any of this and she saw the death messages herself and that Parrot is innocent. Courtalomew brings up Theo next, he yells at the entire courtroom and insults them for believing that Parrot is a murderer. Parrot is brought back up, Courtalomew brings up the fact that Parrot had cleared spawn and new players have been flooding in and that it's convenient that all of the deaths were players that have been playing on the server before Parrot had fixed spawn. Courtalomew accuses Parrot of working with the new players to get rid of the older ones, Parrot restates his point, he wasn't in Capitol City when this occurred. Parrot is then asked if he'd rather save old players or new ones, which one would he choose, Parrot thinks that's a stupid question and he'd save both and would protect either no matter what. Courtalomew has heard enough and says Parrot is guilty and would be executed within the next 24 hours, and afterwards, the police force would take over and the Capitol City purge would commence.

Parrot and Theo are locked in a cell inside of the black market, which was repurposed to keep Parrot held. Parrot explains to Theo how the police force had always existed, but they don't work for the city, but rather whoever pays them the most. Parrot tries to convince the police guard to let them out, but to no avail, so he had no choice other than to wait. Time goes by and the 
Merchant City
 vanguard comes barging in and frees Parrot and Theo. The leader of the group says they need to go to Merchant City as it's the bosses order. Over at Merchant City, Parrot stands in front of DanchoGold, the leader of Merchant City and asks why they were brought there. The boss instructs one of his knights, ArthurTheKnight2 to give Parrot the Unstable newspaper and have him read it out loud. Parrot opens the book and reads the first headline, which says Parrot was convicted of murder, Parrot says he's being framed, and Dancho laughs. He knows Parrot is too soft to kill a player, yet alone 43 players and says he needs Parrot to be king, not because of what he does as king, but he needs Parrot alive to pay off his debts. Dancho tells Parrot his vanguard is at his disposal whenever he needs it and to find out who's been framing him. 

Parrot is now in charge of a group of players from the vanguard, they ask what the first step of the plan is, Parrot says he thinks he knows how the players framed him, by using named dogs under his username and have them kill players inside of the city. He needs to talk to Fymada and help get the police force to confess that they were behind all of this. Arthur understands that part and then asks why Parrot had them breed so many cows, Parrot says 
ClownPierce
 had stopped supplying nether supplies to the overworld and cows were the best alternative for sneaking into the city. They head over to Capitol City, one of the vanguards has all the cows tied to a lead and Parrot is in the middle of the cows with a white leather cap to blend in. They stand in line and see three new players who have just spawned in attempting to come into Capitol City, but the police guard in front kills them for being new players. Arthur steps up and tells the police guard they are traders and are trying to trade the cows. The guard sees through his lies and knows they're trying to smuggle somebody in and extorts them out of a stack of diamonds or else all of them would get in trouble. Parrot knew the police force would protect the front of Capitol City, and after that, the rest of his team would scout out across the city and eliminate any threats. As Parrot is pushing further into Capitol City, it switches over to Theo's perspective. Arthur comes up to Theo and asks if he's the hero from the battle with 
The Law
 and asks Theo to train him in PvP. Theo asks Arthur if he's ever heard of an assassin named Billy on the server, Arthur asks if Theo is talking about ShoeBilly the Butcher and that he is aware of Billy. Theo says he trained with Billy months ago and has a suspicion that he may be around the area. As Theo watches Parrot get further into Capitol City, 
ShoeBilly_
 maces Arthur in an instant. Billy says he was offered to kill Theo and Parrot.

Parrot makes it to the tower where Fymada resides and is given a bow by one of the other vanguard members to protect himself. He goes up the elevator, and hides and eavesdrops on Fymada's conversation with one of the policemen, Fymada has been given a choice to either step down as mayor for 10,000 diamonds or else she gets killed. The policeman leaves and gives her a day to think of her decision. Parrot comes out of hiding and apologizes to Fymada for putting her into this situation, Parrot brings up that the police force had planned to kill all of the new players tomorrow and asks for her help, Fymada says she can't help him. Fymada says her own police force turned on her and she wasn't able to fight back, Parrot says when he became king, he promised everyone that he would protect them, but if he can't prove that he was framed, he didn't know what was going to happen to them or the city. He then goes on to say he'd rather be banned off the server than to give up on that promise. 

Back over to Theo, a fight starts between him and Billy, Theo is in shock that Billy had gotten his hands on an Elytra and a mace. Theo runs around Capitol City and builds a roof above his head to avoid getting maced. Theo runs into a tavern, Billy walks in and Theo speaks up by saying he never thought he'd work with Capitol City's police. Billy says he didn't expect this from Theo, he thought Theo would take his place, but instead he worked to help out new players as an old player and tells him how wrong that is of him. Billy says he's going to kill Parrot, Theo drops down from his spot and tells Billy to stop. Billy tells Theo one of the first things he taught Theo was having someone or something to care about makes them weak and that Parrot would drop him in a heartbeat. Billy says that they aren't so different and they're both killers at heart and that killers aren't supposed to have friends. He ends it by asking if Theo thinks Parrot sees him as a friend, which infuriates Theo and begins attacking Billy again.

Parrot finishes up telling Fymada his plan and that it could come to fruition in the next 30 minutes or so, the police force then comes up the elevator and says Parrot is under arrest. Parrot begins walking on a tightrope that leads to another building that's still being worked on, he tries shooting the police off with the bow, but fails. He then sees that police were also on the other side of the tightrope, so he resorts to melee. He goes back and forth and disabling their shields while also trying not to get knocked down himself. Parrot knocks down a few policemen when he an idea, he runs past the guards from one side and jumps off the tightrope into a small water fountain. 

Another fight between Theo and Billy breaks out, a bunch of civilians huddle around to spectate, some get in between the crossfire and die from the hands of both Theo and Billy. Theo's resources gets drained and is out of minecarts, he tries to fight Billy with swords, but is unable to land any hits on Billy with his movement. A horn is then blown, which signals to Billy that his teammates failed to kill Parrot and he flies away. Back over to Parrot, he runs into a building he doesn't know and runs into a random room, hides, and loses the police. The police says they can look through every room and threatens the people that were also hiding to tell them where Parrot is hiding. They realize that it would take forever to look through every room, so they leave. Parrot asks the person whose room he was hiding in why there were so many people inside of this building and to explore the server. The player says they aren't allowed to, as the police force told them not to leave their rooms and that they were provided food and that the outside was dangerous. Billy then blows up the building, killing a bunch of players in the process. Parrot gets the players that were still hiding to evacuate immediately, Parrot hears Theo and gets him to save him via a happy ghast. As they're escaping, Billy uses TNT to launch himself high up into the air and Elytra's over to the happy ghast and maces it. Parrot lands in a water fountain, Theo tells him to run and Billy chases after Theo. Theo pearls up on top of a streetlight, Billy says when he heard that Theo was Parrot's royal bodyguard, that he was surprised and that he's wasting a time protecting someone who's making the server worse. Theo says he doesn't care if Parrot is weak and that if he wanted to kill Parrot, he'd have to go through Theo first. Billy says Theo really has changed and walks off, before he goes for good, he says that he's waiting Theo to understand. 

Parrot continues to get chased by the police force and gets cornered into a building. He asks the police why they even framed him before he dies, the police says they don't know what he's talking about, Parrot says he knows they named dogs and gives them credit and says it was smart of them to do that. The leader of the group admits to it, Parrot then asks what the purge is all about, and he explains how after Parrot dies, they plan to get rid of thousands of new players right after. Parrot then says what they plan on doing won't happen anymore and calls out for Fymada and hundreds of witnesses to reveal themselves, who can now testify that Parrot is innocent. The police say they won't leave any witnesses then, but Parrot says they aren't able to do that either and tells them to look up, Theo stands up above on top of the building and calls them pieces of garbage.

In the next scene, the leader of the police force calls a meeting with all the police in the black market, he says all the new players will be killed and that the city will be saved. Parrot barges in with his team and tells them that won't be happening. All of the police force are put inside of a singular cell, Parrot thanks the two vanguards and Fymada for their help, and thanks the three policemen that snitched on the rest of their team and lets them free to play on the server. 

Parrot stands on top of the 
Northern Council
 castle, he reads the new Unstable newspaper headlines, it says that he had proven his innocence, but the identity of the actual killer is still hidden and that Fymada has now taken control over the Capitol City police. Theo says it sucks that they still don't know who's behind the actual killings, Parrot assumes that the same person who framed him was the same person who built the withers at spawn. He realizes that this player is trying to get rid of all the new players and that's the reason why they don't like him as king. The episode ends with Parrot telling Theo that they need to stop whoever it may be.

Trivia

There is a reference to 
Season 1
 when Billy told Theo that they aren't so different from each other. ClownPierce said the same thing to Parrot, PrinceZam said the same thing to Wemmbu, and Ashswagg said the same thing to Spoke.

From the video and the description, we know that Capital City has been renamed Capitol City.

This renaming is likely on purpose since the definition of capitol is a building where a legislature meets to conduct government business.