ancient cave civilization
— 
Wemmbu

I Explored an Abandoned Minecraft Civilization
 is the 36th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

The video begins with 
Wemmbu
 falling into the massive pit that 
Jaden
 had fallen into with the intent to find and kill Jaden. Wemmbu receives mining fatigue as he falls in and 
eggchan
 follows him. They search a village to find better armour since Wemmbu's armour is almost broken, harvest chorus fruit. Wemmbu and eggchan try to have a better view of the civilization to find any structure that may have potentially good gear. Wemmbu spots a castle and decides to go visit it until he finds a pillar and notices that Jaden is trying to escape. Wemmbu chases Jaden to try to kill him. Jaden fires back and as his bow is more effective than Wemmbu's trident, he digs up the pillar after realizing that his mining fatigue was wearing off. Since Jaden's helmet broke, he had to stop pillaring which left Wemmbu a chance to seal the hole. Wemmbu then fights Jaden on a vine to try to kill him and end this once and for all. Jaden manages to knock Wemmbu and eggchan off the vines. 

Wemmbu and eggchan continue exploring to find Jaden. Eggchan spots a spire and they explore the spire. Eggchan takes a lore book about the spire from a lectern with a redstone comparator which activates a warden trap. They manage to escape the wardens and reach the top of the spire where they meet 
Rejoicin
. Wemmbu asks Rejoicin if he had seen Jaden. He tells Wemmbu that he had seen him and points to an armoury. Rejoicin explains that he is also protecting the civilization from 
The Mafia
 but they've been disbanded. He then leads Wemmbu and eggchan to an ice boat road which leads to the armoury. They find the armoury and spot Jaden pretending to be afk without any armour. They try to jump Jaden and kill him but he equips his armour and fights Wemmbu. During the fight, Jaden nearly kills Wemmbu. They enter a building and Wemmbu finds out that Jaden was trapped behind two doors with mining fatigue and no TNT, making it hard to escape. Wemmbu taunts him and places more blocks to give him a harder time to escape.   

Wemmbu and eggchan begin exploring the armoury to find any gear to survive Jaden. They search through an abandoned villager trading hall and find a shulker box of enchanted books. They use the enchanted books to enchant their armour with protection. They begin plotting on how they can kill Jaden since he's trapped in a confined space and eggchan suggests that they use wardens to kill him. After some searching, they find out that there are wardens in the castle. The wardens get angry and chase them down which serves as an opportunity to lure them to Jaden. They finally make it to where Jaden was trapped but they find out that he escaped. The wardens continue chasing them and Wemmbu kills them using his mace. Eggchan tells Wemmbu about a vault of treasure that can be used to defeat Jaden. Wemmbu doubts him as he believes that there is nothing better than a mace.   

They continue exploring the civilization and find a warped forest. They find 
Loppezz
 in the forest and Wemmbu kills most of her pigs for food. Loppezz tells Wemmbu and eggchan about her life in the forest after Jaden had banished her into the abandoned civilization and they decide to team up with her to defeat Jaden. Eggchan tells Wemmbu that he found an underground storage area with gold blocks but loppezz places the gold blocks. They head back to the armoury to get apples to craft golden apples. Loppezz finds the place where Jaden was trapped and they chorus through the wall and find elder guardians that are actively being transported through rails giving the entire civilization mining fatigue. Loppezz used this as a great opportunity to find Jaden; if he was in these transportation stations, there would be empty minecarts. Wemmbu became impatient and decided to look for Jaden himself.    

Eventually, Wemmbu finds Jaden killing elder guardians and ambushes him. Wemmbu falls into a hole and as he gets back up, he notices Jaden in the same hole. He ends up popping Jaden's totem with his mace and Jaden traps them both with cobwebs after his helmet breaks. They continue fighting despite both being trapped in cobwebs in a 1x1 area until they decide to pause the fight to break a cobweb. They resume the fight after Jaden breaks a cobweb. They decide to continue to try to get out until they find out that Jaden has a flint and steel and they were surrounded by wool. Wemmbu and Jaden continue fighting but eventually Wemmbu runs away since he had ran out of food and his boots were about to break. He grabs some raw cod from the elder guardians that Jaden had been killing. Wemmbu manages to escape but Jaden also escapes using chorus fruit and begins fighting him. Wemmbu's boots break during the fight. Wemmbu finds the spire again and Jaden gets distracted by Rejoicin. Wemmbu tries to get inside of the spire using chorus fruit and Jaden finds him. Rejoicin gives Wemmbu golden apples and tries to settle their beef. Jaden attacks Rejoicin and Rejoicin helps Wemmbu by splashing him with strength and speed to try to kill Jaden. Jaden climbs into a staircase and Rejoicin warns Wemmbu not to follow him as there are wardens. Jaden manages to leave the warden spawning facility and Wemmbu had failed to escape using chorus fruits however, by the time he actually managed to escape, it was already too late.     

As Wemmbu and Rejoicin return to the forest they decide to plan on how they can corner Jaden and kill him due to him always finding a way out of bad situations. Wemmbu expects loppezz and eggchan to actually make some progress but they have been making songs with note blocks the entire time and they made a house with the blocks from the parkour course. They all trim their armour and hunt for Jaden. They all search for Jaden and eventually find a stone cube with tons of wardens. They all manage to enter the stone cube successfully fighting Jaden. Wemmbu on the other hand gets unlucky with his chorus fruit so he decides to mine instead. As he finally breaks in, he joins the fight. Wemmbu manages to break Jaden's helmet but he wears a spare helmet. Jaden begins unleashing the wardens unraveling chaos inside the stone cube. They try to fight back, but the wardens are too much for them. Jaden escapes the stone cube while Rejoicin fights for his life while getting beaten up by a bunch of wardens. Wemmbu tries to help him out by killing the wardens but its too late as Rejoicin's helmet and leggings break, and he gets killed by the wardens. Wemmbu picks up some of Rejoicin's items before attempting to escape using chorus fruit, but the chorus fruit is no use.      

He exits by using a hole he found continues to fight Jaden. He doesn't talk during the entire fight after what happened to Rejoicin. Jaden taunts Wemmbu during the fight, eggchan and loppezz try to help Wemmbu but Jaden begins using his mace. They make it to the castle and eggchan suggests that they elevate themselves through the water. They seal themselves inside the warden spawning cage they found while going up the water. As they walk into a corridor, Wemmbu suggests that there's a shulker box on the other side of the room that is sealed with cobblestone. Eggchan and loppezz manage to break in and blow up the cobblestone, allowing Wemmbu to enter the room as well. Wemmbu opens the shulker box and finds an elytra and fireworks. Jaden attacks them again but this time, Wemmbu finally has a chance to kill him. They have a fight and Wemmbu eventually pops all of Jaden's totems and he begins teasing Jaden. Wemmbu promises to let Jaden out as long as he drops all his items. Wemmbu then burns all the items Jaden dropped and gets his mace back. He decides to let Jaden live because Rejoicin didn't want to kill but rather to negotiate peace and he also gives Jaden food so that he doesn't die soon and destroys all the chorus fruit so that there is no way of escaping. He tells eggchan and loppezz that he's done with Jaden and they all leave him in the abandoned civilization.       

Trivia