the end of the world
— 
Wemmbu

I Explored the Minecraft Farlands
 is the 108th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

The episode starts with 
Wemmbu
 and 
eggchan
 teleporting negative twelve million blocks out on the X-axis, compared to the positive twelve million out on the Z-axis. They find 
JamatoP
's house located from afar and see the tombstone made for him and decides to rob his house. Jamato shows up at the front door and ask what they are doing out in the 
Far Lands
, Wemmbu tells him they're there to meet the OG players that lived out there. Jamato is surprised that Wemmbu knows about them and says that nobody knows about those players, he then tells Wemmbu to press F3 and show that he's on the opposite side of the world from where they're trying to go. Jamato asks if they used their stasis, but egg says they used their last pearls to get back, Jamato says there's another way there and tells them to follow him. They start towering up the Far Lands, as soon as Jamato and Wemmbu make it up top, Wemmbu asks Jamato if he has any spare blocks and knocks Jamato down while he's distracted. Wemmbu secretly tells egg that they have a problem, he promised 
Serpentbound
 that he wouldn't return back to their base, so they plan on betraying Jamato once they get there.

Wemmbu asks how they're actually going to get there, Jamato says Nether portals used to work at a very specific coordinates and can travel super fast. After traveling 10,000 blocks, they make it to a forest full of mushrooms with a portal built inside of the massive tree. Jamato says to keep on path or else they'd set off traps, Wemmbu spots a small bridge that's off path and says they could go there, Jamato says not to. They stop at a few monuments and take a look, Wemmbu sees a build that resembles the underworld and brings it up, Jamato says he's not supposed to know about that place and that it's a bad place. Wemmbu and egg walk on the grass back on the path, but the defense mechanism had already set off, summoning multiple withers. Wemmbu's elytra is broken and bows them down. Down to the last wither, Jamato allows Wemmbu to kill it on his own to mend his elytra. Before heading into the Nether, Jamato says to stay behind him and let him do the talking. Wemmbu tells egg to be cautious, in case he thinks the people on the other side are the Soulkeepers that he had killed in the past. 

In the Nether, they're stuck in the portal and are unable to break blocks, one of the soulkeepers named Soulkeeper67 comes breaking the glass and Jamato tells him they're heading to Serpentbound's kingdom, and he leads the three to another portal nearby. On the other side, they make it to the decayed area of the Far Lands, Jamato says they have to bridge out a few more thousand blocks, but Wemmbu says this is where they part ways. Jamato immediately realizes that Wemmbu was never friends with the Far Lands people and calls him like the rest of them. Wemmbu tells Jamato to go back through the portal, Jamato asks how Wemmbu actually knows about Serpentbound, as he doesn't trust Wemmbu, and Wemmbu stays silent. Jamato pots up and sprints towards Wemmbu and the two fight, Wemmbu pops Jamato multiple times, and Jamato teleports away instantly. 

Wemmbu says they have to bridge the other way to avoid the Far Lands people from knowing they're back. Egg bridges first, but makes Wemmbu bridge after a bit to give time to think. In the distance, Nitenly comes bridging fast with swift sneak. He starts shooting them with crossbows with fireworks. They continue bridging up to the desert temple for a platform to stand on. Wemmbu hits two consecutive mace hits on Nitenly, causing him to fly off, Wemmbu chases him down and maces him, preventing Nitenly from landing back on blocks. Wemmbu and Nitenly then go all the way back down to the decayed area, Wemmbu breaks one of the cobblestone that was placed, Nitenly leaps forward into the void and stasises out. Wemmbu loots the temple quickly and they begin bridging more. They see one of the other players, Firestar, who was actually Serpentbound on his account. He tells the two to leave the premises, Wemmbu says to rethink his decision and reminds him of the last time they fought. Firestar stasises away, Wemmbu and egg uses the time to load up on orbital strikes. Egg then gives Wemmbu a fishing rod that would activate a stasis bmack to the orbital strikes if he ever needed more, then they head over to a stronghold outside. Wemmbu mentions how they might see 
MinuteTech
 if they head back to the End, but also remembers that 
The Law
 took the dimension over. Egg stands in the middle and begins filling in the portal, Wemmbu stops him before the last one gets put in, since The Law may be waiting out there. He takes out a few stab shots, intending on using it on any lawmen if he has to. The episode ends with Wemmbu jumping into the end portal.

Trivia

This is one of the three thumbnails where Wemmbu's OptiFine cape can be shown, the other two being 
I Explored a 100,000 Player Minecraft Server
 and 
I Explored the Minecraft Great Sea
.

During this video JamatoP enters the portal in the humongous garden area and is instantly teleported through, suggesting he is somehow in creative mode