MIST video 1
— 
FlameFrags

I Explored the Minecraft Mist
 is the 124th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

On the Unstable SMP, millions of blocks out lies a civilization in the mist. Less than one percent of the playerbase knows about this place, because anybody who enters this place is never seen again. The few who attempt to escape is hunted by a warrior named 
Mistrul
, and so 
Flame
 is hired by 
The LAW
 to assassinate this player.

Flame decides to infiltrate the Mist, he rides a happy ghast with elemental_R3D, who's apart of the Mist civilization. He asks why Flame decides to join them, Flame says he gets bored and wants to fight, so he joins civilizations to get that satisfaction of fighting. Elemental is glad that Flame is tagging along, but warns him that the civilization is really hidden and fights aren't as common, knowing where to go is more of a problem. The most important thing Elemental tells Flame is that he isn't able to leave them since it leaves the risk of having them being exposed and the only way out is by dying. They arrive at the base; Elemental tells Flame to find an empty room for himself and that players are usually out doing tasks around the area rather than in the civilization itself.

Flame wanders around and settles into an empty room, he now has a new task for himself, which is to not get suspected of infiltrating otherwise he'd have to deal with the Mist and Mistrul at the same time. Although he was hired to kill Mistrul, he only accepted it to get a duel out of it, since his main goal is to become a combat grandmaster and defeat anybody who gets in his way. Before he gets enrolled in the Mist, Flame goes around the civilization and talks to the players around to get info on Mistrul. Flame learns that Mistrul is somewhat of a myth around the Mist and that he doesn't live in the civilization, but rather a base of his own.

The first step was to figure out a way to get over the walls, which would already be a problem when Elemental and a new member walk into Flame's room and comments on how Flame branded his room with his fire branded banner and preferred if he used the Mist's. Elemental says Flame is forced to share his room with the new player and, until he's trusted, they have to be paired. The other player, 
FluffalSupreme_
, says he's heard a lot about Flame already, seeing that he was asking about Mistrul, and until he knows what he's really doing here, that he's keeping an eye on him. Elemental gives them their first task of raiding the trial chambers nearby so they can trade with Merchant City. When Flame and Supreme goes down to the trial chambers, Supreme says he had a friend who was killing by Flame and 
Wemmbu
 during their 2v1000, Flame explains that it was self defense. Supreme says he's lying and that Flame will be exposed for who he really is. The two silently clear out the trial chambers and collect the loot. On the third wave, Flame jumps down to kill the mobs and sees Supreme doing nothing and asks for his help. Flame then sees that Supreme blocked off the path with obsidian and leave. Flame quickly finishes the room and breaks through the obsidian and confronts Supreme for leaving him behind. Other than that, they're done with the trial chambers and go to the storage room to store their loot. Supreme suddenly yells out to the other players there that Flame's intentions of being there is to kill Mistrul putting the attention on the both of them. This also grabs the attention of Elemental, who asks why they're still arguing about it and decides to make them do a trial by combat to resolve this.

A crowd circles Flame and Supreme as Elemental stands inbetween them. Elemental starts off by saying they're settling an accusation by Mist law. Supreme accuses Flame of disloyalty, but with no proof, it will be resolved by combat. Supreme is given a second teammate to make the fight against Flame fairer. If Flame loses, he gets kicked out of the Mist. If Flame wins, all accusations will be retracted, and he will receive a new partner. Flame uses his knowledge to his advantage, both of them are wearing diamond armor, which is more vulnerable to knockback, so he plans on using a knockback sword to win the fight. In the end, Flame is victorious and Supreme reluctantly takes back his statement. Elemental pulls Flame aside and gives him a choice, if he has someone that he knows outside of the Mist, they can bring that person in to be his new partner, but in return, that player belongs to the Mist. Flame has somebody in mind, and Elemental brings 
Lomedy
 to the civilization, who isn't excited to be there. Flame and Lomedy go back down to the trial chambers to finish up the task. When Lomedy calmed down, Flame explains that he needed Lomedy specifically to be there because his other partner was going to rat him out and knows that Lomedy wouldn't do so. Flame explains the plan; they're going to go invis and go out the walls to find someone that can lead them to Mistrul. 

They sneak past the walls and Flame overhears Elemental talking about how Flame joining the Mist was random other player about how it would be foolish to join only to hunt down Mistrul. Flame and Lomedy run straight until they hit a cobblestone wall. Suddenly, a group of 
arachn1d
's soldiers come from behind and start attacking them. With so many players on them, Flame has to think quickly and comes up with a plan to kill them. He takes a fishing rod from one of his shulker boxes and activates his 
Orbital Dog Cannon
. However, these players had learned from the last time and started stocking up on turtle master potions. Flame tries to spear-boat them but that doesn't work either. Both Flame and Lomedy's armor starts to wear down, and they decide to run. They reach a cave, but the group of players are too afraid of following Flame in saying that it's not about Flame, but rather about who's inside of the cave.

The two go deeper into the cave and sees huge ice rivers and spikes. After walking for a while longer, they find a house and enter it. They discover Mistrul standing AFK inside, reading a book. Flame gets his attention and tells Mistrul that he was hired to assassinate him but wanted an actual duel rather than to be cheap and simply just kill him. Mistrul thinks Flame is extremely stupid for stepping foot in his cave. Mistrul leaves the house and tells Flame he is the strongest player he'll ever fight, and that his biggest mistake is thinking they're even on the same level of skill. Mistrul suddenly maces Flame when he least expected it. Flame goes in the water to dodge the mace attacks; they fall into a different area of the cave and start fighting with swords. Flame runs away and his totem pops; he goes to mend his armor and grabs two more fishing rods for his dogs before going back to continue the fight. Flame and his dogs manage to pop Mistrul's totem. Flame starts to turn the fight around and gets tons of damage in. Mistrul gets fed up and decides to finish the fight himself and flies over to Lomedy in an attempt to kill him. Flame keeps running, he hears Lomedy's voice telling him to jump and so he wind charges into the darkness and lands on the happy ghast waiting for him. Mistrul says the duel wasn't even fight and that he technically won since Flame popped four times compared to his two. He tells them to leave and that nobody cares about the score, he says that he won't tell the Mist he came by, as Flame is beneath his concern. 

As they fly out, Flame says his skills do hold up to his name and that he is strong even without honor. Lomedy questions if fighting Minstrul is worth obtaining that grandmaster title and that the Mist knows they're gone and they should leave while they still can. Flame says he prefers growth over stability and that he must beat Mistrul in order to progress. The episode ends with Lomedy standing on the happy ghast to ask Flame a question but is shot off by an arrow mid-sentence.

Trivia

Lomedy says "This is literally how Herobrine stories and ARGs start. You know how horror movies always got those like dumb people to investigate." when he and Flame entered the frozen cave. This references Avery in 
Wifies
's videos "
Searching For A World That Doesn't Exist
" and "
Destroying A World That Doesn't Exist
".

The video was formerly titled as “I Became a Minecraft Assassin”.

The thumbnail has been changed four times.

The video is recorded in 4K as most videos are recorded in 1440p.

As of right now, the current A/B testing will either show the video as "I Explored the Minecraft Mist" or "I Infiltrated My Enemy's Minecraft Civilization".