the city at the end of the world
— 
Wemmbu
I Explored Beyond the Minecraft Void
 is the 60th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

The episode begins with 
Wemmbu
 and 
Eggchan
 find a city in the void however, they get attacked by it's citizens using TNT cannons. Wemmbu begins fighting Nitenly as he was the one firing the TNT cannons. Nitenly gets confronted by a player named Serpentbound333. Serpentbound brings Wemmbu and Eggchan to a dorm while they have a meeting and their dorm is being guarded by another player named GeeGeeGamer. Eggchan notices that the whole floor is TNT and they will get blown up if they try to escape. They find out that the TNT trap was defunct and leave the dorm as GeeGeeGamer had stopped guarding it. 

They explore the city and find an arena and a potion brewer along with an armoury with a lot of rare items and some villagers which are extinct on the regular Unstable SMP. They loot the armoury and get attacked by Nitenly once again. They have a battle in the arena until Serpentbound confronts him again. Serpentbound decides to allow Wemmbu to take anything and ask him any question he wants since he's afraid of him. Wemmbu asks Serpentbound if the city was The Forge but he states that it isn't. Serpentbound asks Wemmbu and Eggchan what they like to do; Wemmbu tells him that he loves PvPing people who are skilled and Eggchan tells him that he loves building. Serpentbound tells GeeGeeGamer to tour him around his place since he loves building as well.

GeeGeeGamer shows Wemmbu and Eggchan his place. The textures get replaced by classic Minecraft textures to show the feel of old Minecraft while GeeGeeGamer tours them. Wemmbu tells GeeGeeGamer to tell him where The Forge is or else he will die because he knows that they are just trying to distract them. GeeGeeGamer responds, telling him that only the fighters know where The Forge is and that he only builds. 

Wemmbu and Eggchan head back to their dorm where Nitenly gives them both PvP kits with netherite armour enchanted with thorns. Wemmbu keeps his diamond armour because he doesn't want thorns or frost walker. They continue exploring the city until they find more villagers. They trade with the villagers to get the ideal netherite armour set. They also find chests of maces which Wemmbu burns because he doesn't want anyone matching his power. They also find every trim and loot some trims. 

Firestar2008 interrupts them and asks Wemmbu if he could teach him PvP because he wants to get good at it. They head to Firestar's room where Wemmbu tells him that he will teach him PvP as long as he tells him where The Forge is after. Wemmbu does a brief "lesson" and pops Firestar's totem and then tells Firestar to reveal where The Forge is but Firestar refuses as he wants Wemmbu to teach him more. Firestar begins bothering Wemmbu telling him to give him his mace to try to replicate what Wemmbu does and also pearl catches a few times. Wemmbu tells Eggchan to duel Firestar and Firestar begins winning the fight and Wemmbu gets impatient so he pops Firestar's totem and demands that he tells him where The Forge is. Firestar reveals that he didn't know what The Forge was and he told him he knew just so that he could teach him PvP. Wemmbu and Eggchan head out but Firestar tells them that they could look around Lakerek's room as they may find the forge there. As they look around Lakerek's room, he tells them that his room has been emptied since he died and Wemmbu begins crashing out on him for taking them to an empty room and they leave.

Wemmbu crafts invisibility potions to spy on Serpentbound's meeting with Nitenly but they don't seem to be talking about anything interesting until Serpentbound tells Nitenly that he can just wait before Wemmbu and Eggchan leave before going to The Forge. Wemmbu's invisibility starts to run out so he hides before gearing up and leaving. Eggchan explains to Wemmbu that while Firestar was bothering him in Lakerek's room, he found a puzzle and he got a lodestone compass after solving it. They gather blocks before bridging and following the lodestone compass. 

They make it back to the farlands where they find a bunch of repeating orbital strike cannons. Wemmbu realizes that this was how Lakerek was able to strike him during the fight. They decide to test it but the tickrate increases which speeds everything up for them when they tick the lever. Wemmbu makes an observation stating that this could be how Lakerek was able to bypass the delay on orbital strikes. Wemmbu decides to finally test it but he cannot load chunks as he needs to go to the nether to unload chunks, but he cannot go to the nether. Eggchan tells Wemmbu to make a stasis chamber and set his render and simulation distance to the bare minimum, activate the tickrate machine and set his fishing rod. Eggchan then teleports Wemmbu using the stasis and they test the orbital strike cannon. After a successful test, they return to the orbital strike cannons and Wemmbu notices that the time isn't getting altered anymore so they return to check up on it only to get confronted by Serpentbound, GeeGeeGamer and Nitenly. Wemmbu claims that the orbital strike cannons was The Forge. Serpentbound tells him that it isn't The Forge and that he does know where The Forge is. 

Wemmbu and Eggchan follow them and they make it to Lakerek's room in the city. They make it to the top of the staircase and find an end portal. Serpentbound tells Wemmbu that The Forge is on the other side of the portal and GeeGeeGamer aims a punch bow at Wemmbu during their conversation. Eggchan notices GeeGeeGamer pointing the bow and as he shoots, Eggchan takes the arrow and gets sent into the end portal. Wemmbu realizes that the entire thing was a trap as Nitenly attempts to hit Wemmbu in and they have a fight. During their fight, Wemmbu gets hit with slow falling and he also doesn't have strength giving him a disadvantage. They eventually run out of slow falling making the fight easier for Wemmbu. Wemmbu kills GeeGeeGamer and attempts to kill Nitenly but he escapes along with Firestar. Serpentbound tells Wemmbu that they can work something out. Wemmbu tells Serpentbound to set the orbital strike cannons and Serpentbound takes Wemmbu back to the end portal in Lakerek's room and pushes him in the portal.