wemmbu
 and 
egg
 get stranded on deserted islands
— 
Wemmbu

I Explored a Deserted Minecraft Civilization
 is the 33rd episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

The episode begins with 
Jaden_MAN
 demanding that 
Wemmbu
 and 
eggchan
 throw a pearl into his pearl cannon, launching their pearl towards the Pirate Islands, teleporting both of them in there. Wemmbu begins exploring until he sees a player who accuses Wemmbu of trying to steal his food and attacks him. He kills the player's friend and steals her weapons. He then fights the player and kill him. Wemmbu begins exploring and taking their food until he sees another island. He sets sail to the island and finds eggchan in a cell. One of the people who had imprisoned eggchan asks him if he has any items. Wemmbu distracts him and kills his entire group while eggchan escapes.

Wemmbu and eggchan begin mining to find ores however, during their mining trip, they have found no ores. Wemmbu begins digging straight down but he receives mining fatigue. Wemmbu and eggchan go to a random hut to store their items. Eggchan digs down and actually finds a room with 2 golden apples and a totem of undying. 

Wemmbu and eggchan continue exploring and they find an "abandoned" house. Eggchan digs down again and finds a base with an enchanting table. They also find a trial chamber however, the vaults were destroyed. They loot the chests and pots from the trial chamber. They go fishing again and sail to another island that appears to be inhabited.  

As they sail to the island, Wemmbu and eggchan two people in diamond armour fishing. Wemmbu breaks in to their house and attempts to rob them but there aren't any items to steal. They go down a ladder and find an ice circuit. They get caught by 
LettuceK
 who chases them. Soon after, they get chased by 
loppezz
. Wemmbu escapes and enters the house again where he would pull a lever which emits a glass barrier. Loppezz states that if he breaks any glass block the house blows up. Wemmbu uses this as an advantage as he demands loppezz and LettuceK to drop all their items and uses that as leverage. 

They return to the underground ice road circuit. As they explore, Wemmbu finds a room with a massive trident but he doesn't think much of it and returns to his home island with eggchan to upgrade his armour. Wemmbu and eggchan start fishing again to get enchanting books and upgrade their armour. They get attacked by 
Arcn
 and his group of pirates shortly after for loppezz and LettuceK's armour. Wemmbu surrenders and cooperates with them so that he isn't on the run while trying to defeat Jaden_MAN. They head to an underground arena and they duke it out in a 1v1. Shortly after the 1v1 begins, Wemmbu's shield breaks, giving Arcn a huge advantage in the fight.   

Wemmbu's totem pops thus losing the fight. Arcn demands that Wemmbu joins the 
Pirates
 but he denies that offer and runs away. Wemmbu spots an ender chest and takes his mace which he placed when Jaden_MAN forced him to clear his inventory and ender chest. He uses the mace to kill a few pirates. Wemmbu and eggchan retreat as Wemmbu's helmet breaks. As they retreat, eggchan gives Wemmbu his helmet which has protection 4 while Wemmbu's had protection 1. Wemmbu and eggchan then trade armour after realizing that eggchan had maxed out armour while Wemmbu's had protection 1 and a protection 3 chestplate. They return to their home island for preparations for their stealth mission to find the pearl cannon and kill all the Pirates. Eggchan also somehow finds invisibility potions and gives Wemmbu one of them.  

As they head to Jaden_MAN's castle, they hear an argument between loppezz, Arcn, and LettuceK with Jaden_MAN. Jaden pushes a lever and sends loppezz to an underground civilization. They find the pearl cannon and try to find out how it works but suddenly an invisible player places a sign telling Wemmbu to look up. Wemmbu listens and looks up and he sees Jaden attempting to mace him. Shortly after, Jaden is accompanied by Arcn and they 2v1 Wemmbu. Wemmbu finds a few golden apples. Wemmbu pops Jaden a few times and he goes into the water so tha he can still breach swap Wemmbu while he can't hit him in the water. 
TheobaldTheBird
 also enters the fight. Jaden tries to keep hold Wemmbu hostage again but that fails as their pearl cannon blows up, killing some of the guards. The pirates get distracted and Wemmbu and eggchan they retreat as they sail to their home island. Theo also arrives and he explains to Wemmbu that he was the one helping him the entire time and he was behind the invisibility potions, the golden apples, the sign, etc. He also explains that the trident room from the ice circuit actually had a trident but it was buried. After they retrieve the trident, Wemmbu and Theo 2v1 Jaden and Jaden loses the fight. Wemmbu decides to follow Jaden as he wants to end this once and for all.   

Trivia

This is the first Unstable video from Wemmbu to change it's outro format.

This is also the first Unstable video to use 
one of Wemmbu's theme songs
.

The original title for this video was called "How I Survived the Pirate Islands" and the original thumbnail looked similar to 
Unstable SMP: The Mafia
's thumbnail but with a Pirate theme.