wemmbu
 and 
egg
 venture beyond the minecraft farlands
— 
Wemmbu

I Explored Beyond the Minecraft Farlands
 is the is the 53rd episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

The video begins with 
Wemmbu
 going to where 
Eggchan
 logged off due to him rejoining the server. 
Sharpness
 tells Wemmbu to fight him and he proceeds in doing so. Sharpness places a pot and steals one of Wemmbu's maces and runs away. Wemmbu tries chasing him but he teleports away using an ender pearl stasis chamber. Wemmbu asks a bunch of people if they know where Sharpness which didn't go well until he asked 
4CVIT
. 4CVIT tells Wemmbu he was commissioned to make a pearl cannon by Sharpness. 4CVIT takes Wemmbu and Eggchan to the pearl cannon where they teleport to the beginning of the farlands.

Wemmbu and Eggchan begin exploring the farlands until they spot Sharpness next to the 
Far Lands City
. During their fight, Sharpness goes into a barely intact house in the city where he then begins breach swapping. Wemmbu and Eggchan begin destroying the entire house for more space. Sharpness replaces the broken blocks while trying to dodge Wemmbu's mace hits which at first doesn't go well but he successfully blocks them. Wemmbu grabs spare TNT to blow up the house and they begin fighting under the house. Wemmbu and Sharpness fight in a confined tunnel. Sharpness almost kills Wemmbu but he escapes with the help of Eggchan and Sharpness leaves. 

Wemmbu and Eggchan notice that firework rockets don't no longer work and their ender chests are empty so Wemmbu uses wind charges instead. They notice a house and some glitched chests however the chests don't have anything valuable so they continue exploring. As they continue exploring, they notice more glitched terrain as well as glitched versions of old structures. They notice another house this time with someone living in it. They ask the person if they knew where Sharpness was. After struggling to interact with him they finally got a lead to where Sharpness could be and begin heading to the direction. As soon as they arrive they see a completely intact version of 
Zam Empire
. They begin exploring the empire until they find another strange thing. Ghost players resembling 
Pangi
, 
ManePear
, 
FlameFrags
, 
Sorhin
 and 
PrinceZam
. It appears that PrinceZam is ranking them up. 

Wemmbu and Eggchan continue exploring to find resources until Sharpness begins macing Wemmbu. They have another fight however Sharpness enters another house. Wemmbu's plays passive as his helmet was about to break. After his helmet breaks Wemmbu goes to the edge of the farlands to go back to the surface of the farlands. They begin fighting on the surface but since Wemmbu almost died a few times, he puts his mace in his ender chest. Sharpness gets annoyed by that and tells him that he will do a rematch in 30 minutes. Sharpness breaks Wemmbu's ender chest and leaves. 

Wemmbu and Eggchan find a new terrain with platforms of land and below it is void. Wemmbu uses the lava in some of the terrain and water to get obsidian but he still needs an eye of ender. Luckily, Eggchan had a blaze rod so Wemmbu used it to craft an eye of ender and make a new ender chest. After getting his mace back and repairing his elytra and armour, Wemmbu does a rematch against Sharpness. Wemmbu goes into the mineshaft he discovered earlier due to the amount of resources available there. Wemmbu runs out of food and asks Eggchan for food. Wemmbu continues fighting Sharpness after getting food. He hits Sharpness to the void and Sharpness misses his pearl catching. Realizing that he will lose his mace is Sharpness dies, Wemmbu acts fast and uses a fishing rod to save him and continue fighting. Wemmbu runs out of food again so he kills the cave spiders for food and continues to fight Sharpness until he puts the mace in his ender chest. Wemmbu maces him into the void and saves him again. Wemmbu tells Sharpness to give him his mace. Sharpness tells Wemmbu that he will only do it when he does something with it. Sharpness breaks the ender chest and leaves.