wemmbu
 and 
egg
 discover secrets beyond minecraft's farlands
— 
Wemmbu

I Explored Beyond the Minecraft Fartherlands
 is the 54th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

Wemmbu
 and 
Eggchan
 begin obtaining more resources to survive the farlands and they get attacked by a group named called 
The Avengers
, consisting of all of Wemmbu's past enemies (
FlameFrags
, 
Spongs
, 
Willsion
, 
Jaden MAN
, 
Wyll
, 
Fantst
 and 
Baablu
). Wemmbu begins hiding until Fantst finds him. Wemmbu successfully escapes and they give up.

Wemmbu and Eggchan continue exploring for more gear. They find a dungeon but there isn't anything useful. Soon, the pair notice more strange terrain generation, though this time it is just gravel with some grass on the surface. As they traverse through the gravel lands, they see a different place with spiky mountains in the distance. They explore it until they see another ghost player replaying their death to starvation. Wemmbu continues exploring until his elytra breaks, so he chooses to walk since he now has no way of flying. They reach the end of the spiky mountains biome and find a continuation of the gravel lands. This time there are more trees and life to it. In the center of the biome, they find a ginormous golden temple with five large statues standing ominously along the path to its entrance.

As they enter the temple, Wemmbu and Eggchan are met with two people. Wemmbu punches them to make sure they are real people and not ghosts, and he finds that they are in fact real people. With this knowledge, he proceeds to rob them for their food and resources. Wemmbu asks the player if he has any XP since they are being hunted. The player gives Wemmbu his boots instead, however, they're only enchanted with protection one. He also tells Wemmbu that 
Lakerek
 has some items from The Forge and he would give it if Wemmbu wins against him in a fight.  

The player then wakes up Lakerek who proceeds to attack Wemmbu. During their fight, a massive pit opens up and they begin fighting in the pit. They continue their fight as usual until Lakerek gives Wemmbu golden apples and XP bottles to mend his armour. Little did he know it was to prepare him for the next stage of his fight. Lakerek begins firing orbital strikes on Wemmbu. After surviving the orbital strikes and restocking afterwards, Wemmbu and Lakerek continue fighting. Lakerek gives up as he can no longer fire orbital strikes and he lets Wemmbu kill him. He then returns to Eggchan and 
mxsterwu
 (the player who introduced Wemmbu to The Forge) and he kills mxsterwu as well and he loots them both.

Wemmbu and Eggchan get jumped by the players who had attacked them earlier however, Spongs had weaker gear along with FlameFrags, Sharpness and Jaden MAN being absent. After a while, everyone leaves except for Fantst who is getting mercilessly attacked by Wemmbu. Fantst tells Wemmbu that he has info about his mace and he know about the mace because Sharpness is in his team. Fantst gives Wemmbu his boots and Eggchan his shield. Wemmbu and Eggchan leave the temple and go back to the mountain spikes biome. 

They get attacked by FlameFrags and Jaden MAN again, and the entire team eventually joins in and tries to kill them again. Sharpness and Wyll begin fighting each other while also fighting Wemmbu and the entire fight becomes chaotic as everyone is trying to kill each other. FlameFrags also gets jumped by the team giving Wemmbu an opportunity to team with him. As the fight endures, Eggchan gives Wemmbu and FlameFrags some shulkers that they had which had some armour. Wemmbu and FlameFrags try to kill Sharpness but he leaves. FlameFrags gives Wemmbu his mace back telling him that he doesn't need it. Eggchan tells Wemmbu that the shulkers he gave them were from their secret hideout. Wemmbu tells them that they aren't going to leave the farlands because they have to find The Forge.

Navigation