banned off the unstable smp
— 
Wemmbu

I Faked My Death on a Hardcore Minecraft SMP
 is the 70th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.  

Plot

The episode begins with 
Wemmbu
 going to the end after defeating 
FlameFrags
. In the end, Eggchan suggests that Wemmbu goes under a fake identity. Wemmbu tries out some armour trims for his new identity and he finally decides to go with something similar to 
WyLL
's armour trims (dune) but with netherite trims and in diamond armour. Eggchan tells Wemmbu that if anyone asks any question regarding him, he will tell them that he died. As Wemmbu is about to leave, 
MinuteTech
 asks him why he looks completely different now. Wemmbu tells him that he is faking his death and creating a new identity because he is tired of dealing with people wanting to fight him and just wants a fresh start. MinuteTech warns him that FlameFrags isn't ending on a loss before letting him leave the end.

Wemmbu is now at Spawn. He has to escape Spawn without killing any withers using his mace or using his elytra to fly away. Since Wemmbu is limited on invisibility potions, he has to go to 
Capital City
 to buy some, however there is a wither trying to kill him so without a choice he uses his mace to kill the wither. He realized that a player had watched him kill the wither and he continues his journey to Capital City as if nothing happened. 

As Wemmbu arrives at Capital City, he meets a few guards who try to stop him since 
someone
 had dropped a nuke at Capital City. He uses signs to talk to them since he cannot speak. The guard who had voice chat formally invites him to the guard force because he likes his trims. As Wemmbu traverses Capital City, he notices that there are less people than usual. He also begins reminiscing about himself nuking Capital City. He also hears a player talking about Eggchan killing Wemmbu and he almost gives himself away by responding but he walks away as if nothing happened. Wemmbu decides to take some inspiration from 
The Director
 and uses a voice changer to mask his voice.  

Wemmbu asks to join the guard force but he has to wait for a while since the leader of the guard force hasn't arrived. After a long time, 
Salvationism
, the leader of the Capital City guard force arrives and tests them. They all get accepted into the guard force (except for one player who gets killed during the test) and Wemmbu didn't have to do the test as he was already accepted due to his wealth. As Salvationism is about to give the players gear, he notices that the chests are empty and decides to change his plans.   

Wemmbu goes to the walls of Capital City as been told by Salvationism. After a bit of waiting, Wemmbu finds a player starving to death and he gives him some food before sending him off. A guard wants to trade guarding areas with Wemmbu but he refuses. Wemmbu spots the player he had helped and the player gets killed by 
Boosfer
. Wemmbu starts a fight with Boosfer and his bandits. He realizes that he cannot go aggresive or else he will accidentally kill one of them revealing his name. He uses a wooden sword to fight them instead and he breaks Boosfer's armour, breaking the treaty with Boosfer and Capital City. Since he isn't intimidating enough he goes back to using his netherite sword but with weakness. Wemmbu continues exploring Capital City; finding new shops, and meeting new people. He finds a potion shop which is run by 
ParrotX2
 and 
TheobaldTheBird
.   

Wemmbu asks for a shulker of weakness potions and invisibility potions and he gives them golden carrots and shulkers so that they can brew the potions. While they are brewing, they talk about why they need materials to protect players and Wemmbu blowing up some of Capital City. Theo mentions Wemmbu getting killed and 
the fight with Flame
. After they finish brewing the potions, Parrot tells Wemmbu that he should try harder at keeping his identity a secret. Wemmbu decides to leave since he thinks staying in Capital City will get his identity leaked in the end so he enters the guard building to let them know he's leaving. However there was a crowd that had assembled. SirPig_, the mayor of Capital City discusses about breaking the treaty with Boosfer because Boosfer had declared war on Capital City and they now had to defend it. They make the barriers taller before Boosfer and his bandits attack.    

During the fight, Wemmbu splashes himself with weakness to make sure he doesn't accidentally kill someone. As the bandits begin reaching the border, Wemmbu realizes that he has to contribute to the battle more so he begins using his mace but he only maces people who have a totem on as to not reveal his identity. As Boosfer notices that the the invisible player he's been fighting has a mace, he reveals that he also has a mace and uses it. Eventually, another wave of bandits enter the battle and attack. Boosfer's helmet breaks and they retreat, ending the war. Salvationism asks Wemmbu why he didn't want to kill anyone and wanted people to kill for him. Wemmbu responds by telling him to train the guards more and get more resources, and he also states that he will kill Boosfer.    

As Wemmbu gets Boosfer's location from Eggchan, he arrives at Branzy's Castle and he reveals his identity to Boosfer and the bandits, promising that he will kill all of them. He kills all the bandits, leaving Boomie and Boosfer as they were barely able to survive before escaping. After Boosfer and Boomie escape, Wemmbu re-equips his armour from his fake identity and returns to Capital City to make sure his identity wasn't already leaked, and thankfully it wasn't. Wemmbu promises to hunt and kill both Boosfer and Boomie to make sure his identity doesn't get revealed as he leaves Capital City.     

The video ends with FlameFrags asking a Capital City guard if they've seen Wemmbu and the Capital City guard tells him that Wemmbu had died.    

Trivia

The original title of this video was How I DIED on a Hardcore Minecraft SMP, sharing almost the same title as 
one of the other episodes
, the only difference being that the word DIED having a quotation mark while it didn't in this video.