the minecraft combat master himself....
— FlameFrags

I Got Trained By the World's Best Minecraft Player
 is the 104th episode feature in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

FlameFrags
 has two combat techniques left to master, so he continues to go around the server looking around. At the 
BAT infinity base
, he stumbles across 
ItzRealMe
, the former number one PvPer in Minecraft, who is now retired. Itz thinks Flame is there to kill him, but Flame says no and he just came across him and asked for training. Itz is skeptical and is trying to avoid conflict these days and reveals that he too was being hunted by 
The Law
 and was about to turn himself in, having passed his prime PVP days.

Flame says he was actually on his way to destroy The Law and the only way he could be able to was if Itz trained him, Itz says that's not a bad idea and that he's heard of Flame, so he agrees to help him out. Itz takes Flame up to the roof and tells him that every player has their strengths and weaknesses, weaker players are incapable of executing strategies while combat masters know how to execute every single one. He mentions that a combat master is strong because of the player, not the weapon they yield, but for a player, the weapon is their strongest suit, and without it, their skill with it. 

Itz instructs Flame to try and pop a totem with every weapon, or else he fails and Itz would drop the training. They first do sword, Flame breaks Itz's helmet and pops him shortly after. Flame pops Itz in spear and cart easily as well. In mace, however, Flame struggles as it's his weakest weapon, but still manages to get the totem pop.

They go upstairs and itz tells Flame his results, he says Flame's best gamemode is sword, his spear was also good, his cart could use some work, and his weakest gamemode being mace. Itz says Flame should switch to sword and cart as his primary weapons, and spear as his alternative option. Flame says he could definitely improve his mace skills, and so they go back down to practice. Itz explains the basics of the mace and teaches Flame how to attribute swap while attack normally and while falling down. Flame tries it on Itz and gets it first try, and so they move forward onto stun slamming, and Flame gets that down first try too. They get into the more advanced strategies, 

Itz shows Flame a technique called force grappling, which forces the enemy to launch into the air, pearling onto them, and macing them. The next technique is by far the hardest, which is horizontal pearl catching (in contrast to regular vertical pearl catching), having to angle an ender pearl and look down and throw a wind charge right after, which will teleport the player above the other player unexpectedly, giving the chance to mace too. Itz explains the next technique, wind charge bhopping, Flame demonstrates the technique on Itz before he could finish, showing that he already knew it and surprises Itz. He says a combat master always finds new strategies and that's how they become a master. With all the new mace techniques learned, Flame could become a stronger mace fighter. Flame says he's going to apply all of these and asks Itz if he'd become a combat master on the Unstable SMP if he learned everything, but Itz says there's one strategy that all of the combat masters do that Flame doesn't do and that it's gatekept. He says it's nothing mechanical, but rather in the head called "the zone". He says the zone is a mental trick that helps with focus, reacts faster, see mistakes more easily, and learn faster on their own. Paying attention to every detail, everything you do, everything your opponent does, you start to see patterns and your own habits as well as the opponent's. Flame says he can't really do that because all the battle he's been on in the server has someone distracting him, he doesn't realize that he could be using the wrong items during combat. Itz says the zone helps with that, if Flame used their hatred to fuel him, he could beat them, and the quieter he is, the more he can hear during a battle. The zone is the ultimate state of focus, Itz says Flame needs to get rid of all the unnecessary thoughts and absorb himself into the game and that only the ones who have practiced earn the right to enter the zone. Itz and Flame go back up on top of the base and Itz says to practice meditating.  They look into the distance as the sun goes down, Itz says to close his eyes, breathe in and breathe out, and zone out all the distractions.

While they meditate, The Law's signature goat horn is blown, Itz says this is the perfect chance to put everything Flame just learned to use, Itz splashes invis and flies up, telling Flame he'll be watching from above. Flame walks up to the group of lawmen, they ask what he has to say for himself for all the crimes he's committed, Flame says nothing and pots up. Flame puts the mace to use, he can be seen entering the zone, more focused, and starts killing the lawmen. After killing the diamond lawmen, the two netherite players retreat. Flame tries to chase after them, but they're long gone. Itz comes down, Flame says he understands what the zone is now, and Itz says that was impressive and that there's one more test for Flame to prove if he's worthy of being a combat master. They walk to a destination, Flame asks what Itz did on the server and how it was like in his prime, Itz says he used to get hired to kill people and that he was unstoppable. Itz asks Flame what inspired him to become a combat master, Flame says the main reason was because The Law kept hunting him and he wasn't able to beat them and doesn't like being humiliated. Itz says he was just like Flame, always striving to improve, always learning, and became a combat master, but at one point you start winning every battle, get bored, and retire.

As they continue walking, a massive floating island comes into render distance, Itz says he found this landmark one day while exploring and wanted to bring Flame to it. Itz gives Flame his elytra to fly up, and they get up onto the island. Flame thinks his final test is to meditate there, but Itz says his final test is to drop him the mace. Flame thinks he's joking, but Itz is serious about it. Even though it's Lomedy's mace and he would be mad if Flame didn't give it back, Flame gives it to Itz. Itz stores it in his ender chest and says the final test is to fight him, and whoever pops three totems first would win. Itz pops two of Flame's totems and Flame has yet to pop one of Itz's. Flame goes down into a cave, Itz doesn't follow him down, so Flame uses this time to restock. He didn't understand what there was to learn about this, but then he remembered what Itz told him about the zone. Flame realized that Itz was testing Flame to see if he could adapt in this situation, he looks around in the building he was in and finds slow falling arrows stored inside of a pot. He comes up from the cave, Itz is awaiting him and Flame says he gives up and can end it right there, Itz says he expected better and starts to jump down, macing Flame, but before he could land the mace hit, Flame pulls out his crossbow and hits Itz with slow falling. Itz plays by Flame's rules, if Flame wanted to keep using slow falling, he'd put away the mace and go melee only. Flame, this time goes quiet and goes into the zone, he manages to turn the fight around and pop all of Itz's totems. He admits that he only had four arrows and was bluffing about how many arrows he had, Itz says the reason he took Flame's mace was because it's hard to lock in when enemies make you mad, but Flame has the mentality of a combat master and can control when he enters the zone, and he gives Flame the mace back. Itz says Flame is on his way to become a combat master and that it was really impressive that he went even with someone who is better than him and that he only needs to focus on cart to finally get rid of The Law and 
BAT
.

With one more trainer left to find, Flame already knew who to find, and so he heads back to the main server to find them.

Trivia

The video's original title was "I Got Trained By a Minecraft Combat Master".