Blindfold Brothers at full power / ManePear x FlameFrags the brothers are here today
— FlameFrags

I Got Trained By a Minecraft Spear Master
 is the 102nd episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

The spear is the newest weapon added to Minecraft, 
Flame
 goes on the search to find somebody who has already mastered the weapon. Rumor has it that his old teammate, 
ManePear
, who is the only person on the server that has mastered the spear, went missing over a year ago and hid inside of a cave away from everyone. Flame doesn't believe the rumors and goes into the cave himself, he sees a banner design with Mane's logo on it and a skeleton that Mane has mentioned that almost banned him off the server. ManePear shows up right behind Flame and asks why he's there, Flame says how it's random to see him again and has something in specific for him. Mane thinks that Flame is there to continue their fight after Mane betrayed the 
PrinceZam Empire
 a year ago, so he pots up and attacks Flame. Flame says the empire isn't the reason why he's here, but rather wanting to get trained, Mane wonders why Flame is coming to him for training and says Flame should be the one training him. Flame says he wants to learn the spear, Mane says he has no reason to help Flame, Flame tries to remind him that they used to be brothers, but with how things ended last time, Mane is sceptical. Mane agrees to help if Flame helps Mane kill off a group of stacked players, Flame doesn't trust that Mane will teach him if he helps, so Mane shows Flame the basic mechanics of the spear. Flame tries to jump around with the spear, but doesn't know how to use it as effectively as Mane. Mane says how their playstyles are completely different, Flame plays to survive, while Mane just plays for fun and more aggressively. Flame wants to learn more, but Mane says they need to do what they have to do first before he receives anymore training.

They head over to the people's base, before heading in, Mane tells Flame to hold and survive, and Mane will come in to quickdrop them. They jump in and attack the players living there, Flame uses the spear mechanics taught and gets a couple kills off with it. They kill all of the players and loot their gear, Mane starts to act weird and tries to leave Flame and give him the base for himself. Flame asks why he's trying to leave and Mane tells him that this was a one time deal, Flame keeps following Mane around to get him to keep training, Mane treats him like a fan and asks to be left alone, but Flame keeps insisting and says they can fight right there to get his point across. Finally, Mane agrees to train Flame more if that means Flame will leave him alone. While walking back into the cave, Mane uses a secret mechanic to move faster and lunge faster with the spear. When they get back down to his base, he tells Flame the secret mechanic, which is essentially an attribute swap with the spear. Flame then uses this chance to ask Mane for his help to track down any hidden base owned by 
The Law
. Flame asks Mane if he has any teams or empires to track down, Mane says no, and Flame says that he has a target for him. He explains how The Law exiled him and made him weak and has hunted him, he speculates that they have a hidden base where they gear up their army, Mane thinks that Flame brought them over to his base, but Flame says he didn't. Mane says no to Flame's proposal, Flame says they have armies with tons of players stacked with full netherite, Mane doesn't believe that an entire faction could be stacked with all netherite, as he's been hunting stacked players himself, but has never seen any team that rich. Flame keeps saying to Mane that he promises that he's telling the truth, Mane gets interested as he knows Flame is a man of his words, he agrees to help and Flame tells Mane that he can keep all the loot they find along the way.

They head off using horses, Flame doesn't know where they're going and Mane says they need to find information, and so they head to a nearby town. During their expedition, Flame explains how The Law has been chasing him and his plan is to learn all the types of weapons and become a combat master and live up to his reputation. Mane says how he was just like Flame, concerned about his reputation, but it took away enjoyment from playing the game. Flame says that if his name is something that is strong, then people would treat him like something, but if his name is nothing, then nobody would treat him. Mane says if Flame has something valuable other than his name, then he can be respected for other things. Flame says how his name is all he has, and Mane asks if he's ever thought about caring for people over a title, Flame says there was a point in time that was true, but not anymore. Mane gives Flame his advice, he says since Flame is such a prominent figure on the server, he's bound to be failed, betrayed, and used, and if he stopped caring about a title, he'd have much more freedom. Flame says he doesn't mind the competition over the title of being the strongest player, he just wants to be recognized for his skill.  

They arrive to the town, Mane tells Flame to stay low, but Flame comes up to the first civilian and asks if they know anything about The Law and that he wants to kill them. Mane pulls Flame aside and tells Flame to be slick, as the way Flame perceives himself is the reason he has bounties and that people have tried to hire Mane to kill Flame. They go back to the town and Mane goes and talks to the leader peacefully, but he says The Law told them not to trust Flame or anybody with him, so Mane goes back into the village and starts a commotion, saying how he's the leader now, blows the village up, and kills the civilians for not giving any leads to where The Law's base could be. Afterwards, Mane says that they messed up, they see a few stragglers that survived and tell them to get The Law over to their location and tell them that Flame and Mane are there. They explore the destroyed town a bit and read a journal, as soon as they finish, SargeLAW shows up to the town and asks what happened here. Flame admits to destroying the town and killing the players, and SargeLAW says that's not allowed. Mane confidently tells Sarge that he should've came with more people and that he wouldn't be able to take on this 2v1. Mane and Sarge fight, but it doesn't go anywhere, Sarge asks if they wanted more people and blows a horn, signaling tons of netherite lawmen to drop from the sky. The lawmen use weakness potions to weaken Flame and Mane, they still manage to get off a few kills using the spear, but are unable do much overall. Mane tells Flame it's time to run, and so they lunge out of the town. Mane manages to run off while the lawmen with Elytras catch up to Flame. He tries to spear them off, but there are too many of them. He tries to dig down and escape, but they also catch up to him and finally corner him. 

Unfortunately for Flame, The Law captured him and Mane left Flame to die. Sarge forces Flame to drop his whole inventory, Flame tries to stall and attempt to escape, but with all eyes on him, he wasn't able to do so. He drops everything except his spear, the lawmen dig a staircase up and they start to escort Flame. Flame attempts to escape, but doesn't know the timing of the spear. They reach a temporary Law compound, Sarge forces Flame to put on copper armor with curse of binding and put him in his cell. The prisoner across from Flame ragebaits him and successfully does so. Shortly after, Mane arrives to the prison and blows up the prison wall, splashing Flame with invis and gives him a shulker full of gear. Flame gets Mane to break his copper armor and they go full invis, causing the lawmen to lose track of them. Flame doesn't want to leave before getting his items back. so they look around searching for it. A lawman leaks where the location of his items are, so Flame breaks the window and finds his gear. Flame drops down and gets on a horse, combining it with the spear, he easily mows down a group of lawmen. They loot the dead lawmen's gear, Flame says he didn't think Mane would come saving him, but Mane says when the money calls, you have to come. They plan on breaking into the vault, Flame devises a plan by using TNT minecarts while Mane uses an Elytra to go with his spear. They ride a cart down to the vault and attempt to break in, but isn't able to with mining fatigue. 

With no other option, and with The Law coming, they wait on top a hill. They pot up and Flame uses his crossbow and TNT minecart strategy to kill off tons of lawmen, meanwhile, Mane spears through a bunch of the lawmen. The Law's army begins to dwindle down, and the last few remaining have Elytras and spears, which made it harder for them to kill. They massacre the remaining lawmen and return to the vault to let Mane loot it. Flame asks Mane if he'll ever return back to the main server, and Mane says probably not and that he enjoys what he's doing right now, not having to worry about anyone else. Flame says he's going to head out, but Mane stops him quickly and tells him despite him being harsh to Flame, no matter what, Flame will always be his little bro. As Flame actually heads out, Mane thanks Flame for finding him and says Flame could easily take down The Law by himself once he learns everything.

Trivia

This video marks Flame's longest video on Unstable.

The skeleton inside of Mane's base is a reference to a message in his Discord where he said he died to a skeleton and that the fight went down to armor durability breaking.

This video is Flame's fastest viewed video.

The thumbnail was borrowed from Wemmbu’s video: I Mastered Minecraft Combat