I was sitting in the ruins of my destroyed base on the Unstable SMP when 
he
 returned for a rematch...
— 
FlameFrags

I Got Hunted By the World's Deadliest Minecraft Player
 is the 142nd episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

Spoiler Alert

FlameFrags
 sits in the ruins of his base with his two friends, 
Spongs
 and 
NotSkrilley
, when 
TheG0DofWar
 pays him a visit for a rematch. Ever since their 
last duel
, the two of them have gotten stronger and Flame was not going to let him win this time. The two start to fight and Spongs continuously interferes with the fight, which the two of them agreed that he ruined. G0dofWar says they'll fight again soon and leaves. Flame knows that he will keep returning for a real battle, and so he makes it his mission to refurbish his base back up to prepare.

Flame and Skrilley head over to 
The Law
's base and asks 
SargeLAW
 for help rebuilding his base. Unfortunately, Sarge says they're also short on resources, but Law still has a lot of stashes from when 
LettuceK
 was in charge, but only Lettuce and 
Deputy Ace
 knew their locations and says to get them from Lettuce. Flame still believes Lettuce is still freed, but Sarge says he didn't know Lettuce was even freed, so Flame goes to visit him in the one place he knows. Sarge gives Flame a Law certificate in case Lettuce doesn't trust Flame. Just as Flame and Skrilley are about to head over to 
Northern Council
, G0dofWar shows up. He goes on to say that he was only able to go up the ranks because of the many fights he had and is there to reclaim his strength. Sarge tries to tell him that Flame is an ally of the Law and won't let G0dofWar kill him. Flame tells Sarge to stay out of the fight, but Sarge doesn't listen and starts carting both Flame and random lawmen standing around. Sarge continues to kill his own lawmen, more lawmen come to assist in the fight, in which G0dofWar says is another wasted opportunity and heads off. Flame tells Sarge that not everybody needs a specialty in combat and thanks him for nothing, him and Skrilley then head over to Northern Council.

On their journey there, Skrilley asks Flame to catch him up on the server's lore, since he was in 
the Mist
 for a long time. Flame explains that Lettuce was the original leader of the Law, one of the most powerful groups on the server, and he created the election, which lead to the server having a king. Skrilley then asks about G0dofWar, Flame says they fought in the past and was told to return when he was stronger for a rematch, but conveniently it was a bad time for his return when Flame is trying to fix his base. They head down to Lettuce's cell, where he's surprised to see Flame, before Flame can ask for something, Lettuce asks what happened between 
Cindercrest
 and 
Parrot
. Flame gives him a brief summary, Parrot is exiled and 
Saparata
 is the new king, which Lettuce somewhat expected, as he believed Parrot had good intentions, but not enough planning. Lettuce goes on to talk about what his plans were and that he was thrown back in jail because he didn't fully endorse Cindercrest. With all the venting out of the way, Flame asks for the location of the stashes, in which Lettuce says G0dofWar already came by asking for the same thing. Flame tells Lettuce that G0dofWar isn't apart of Law, but Lettuce doesn't believe him over a former commander, and so Flame hands over the certificate, and that's when Lettuce realizes that he's been played. Lettuce gives Flame the closest location he knows, which is still really far away from where spawn is.

In the next scene, Flame and Skrilley are riding a happy ghast to the location, when they fly downwards, the lawmen guarding it sees Flame as an enemy still and starts attacking him for the thousand players he killed. Flame tries to tell them that he's an ally of the Law now, Skrilley points out that since the stash is so far out, the news about Lettuce may not have spread around yet. Flame gets the certificate from Sarge out of his ender chest and gives it to one of the guards, they read it and finally believe Flame and apologizes, they tell him a commander is already there watching over the place and leaves back to the Law HQ. Flame tells Skrilley to find where the blocks are located while he restocks, G0dofWar appears on top of the fountain right behind Flame. He says he overheard the conversation between Flame and Sarge and decided to get over there before they could so old Law could catch him offguard. With no distractions in the way, Flame decides to give him the fight he's been wanting. In the middle of the fight, G0dofWar summons his own army of dogs, and so Flame does the 
same
 to even out the playing field. Flame notices G0dofWar's dogs don't have fire resistance and starts setting them on fire to break their armor, Flame's own dogs begins to swarm him. Flame sets off another fishing rod and summons another wave of dogs, he taunts G0dofWar by saying by copying somebody else's strategy, he doesn't know how it fully works. Skrilley finishes looting up and tells Flame there's no point in continuing the fight if there's nobody to see it, and so Flame asks G0dofWar if he still wants to keep going. G0dofWar says there's no point and flies off.

Flame and Skrilley return to Flame's base, a lawman comes up to them and sees all the resources they returned with and thanks them for bringing it back over and says both the HQ and their base will be rebuilt. Flame uses the free time he has to regear and go AFK while Law works on his base. After some time, he's awoken by Spongs and Skrilley saying their base has finished and gets hyped seeing his new base. They go around exploring seeing any new changes, Spongs shows them an elevator that goes downwards and says that he commissioned the Law to build him his own bedroom, making Flame's base a base for all of them too. They mess around for a little bit when all of a sudden, G0dofWar mysteriously appears right on the elevator. He gives them a warning to leave the area within the next two minutes. Spongs and Skrilley respect Flame's wishes and heads off. With Flame and G0dofWar alone now, Flame asks him why he left the fight abruptly, G0dofWar responds by saying there was nobody there to witness it, therefore making it pointless. With no more distractions, Flame enters the zone and their fight continues. The fight goes from Spongs' bedroom, to outside, all the way to the Law's HQ. In the end, Flame says he doesn't want to kill G0dofWar since he puts up a good fight, G0dofWar says he would return when he was ready to win, in which he failed that promise again. He believes he's failed time and time again, even after improving, Flame has improved too and has shown to be much better, and gives permission to kill him if he wishes to do so. Flame picks up his sword, but doesn't kill him. He tells G0dofWar that he's a strong fighter and that he respects the way he fights and how he sticks to his standards. He asks G0dofWar to train him and wants to know how to fight like he does. The episode ends with cinematic shots showing off G0dofWar's new base and unseen areas of it from last time, meaning that he has taken Flame in.

Trivia

The A/B testing will either show the title as "I Got Hunted By a Minecraft Combat Master", "I Got Hunted By the World's Deadliest Minecraft Player", or "I Got Hunted By the World's Best Minecraft Player".