im being hunted i dont have much time to type this message help
— 
Wemmbu

I Got Hunted by the World's Deadliest Assassin
 is the 128th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

Wemmbu
 begins the episode by telling the viewers he has lots of enemies who want to kill him for various reasons, unlike his friend 
Eggchan
, who is a pacifist and is liked by most players on the server, which confused the both of them when the 
invisible player
 from Wemmbu's last two videos comes to their front door saying they're going to take egg's life. Wemmbu wasn't going to let that happen and reminds them the last time they fought, it didn't end well for them. The player tells him if he stands in their way and the second he stands outside, he would die. Wemmbu steps out to figure out what the invisible player meant, when all of a sudden his totem instantly pops. The invisible player had gotten their hands on a railgun, jumps down on Wemmbu with a mace and pops Wemmbu a second time. Wemmbu realizes that, flies around and maces them, causing them to stasis out. Wemmbu is confused because the player was after egg, just as he says that, an explosion detonates right beneath him. The invisible player appears right where the crater is, ready for another fight, but not for long and tells Wemmbu they'll be back and stasises away again. Wemmbu eyes the railgun and flies over to blow it up.

They go back inside their base and question the player's true intentions, with no hesitation, Wemmbu hands egg over a stack of wind charges and his Crucible mace for his protection. Next, they need to find a way to track this player down, Wemmbu asks egg if he knows a way how, egg says no. Wemmbu says he has an idea and so they head over to 
Parrot
's castle. When they go up to Parrot, Wemmbu tells Parrot since he has experience tracking down mysterious players such as 
The Director
 and himself during the Fake Identity Arc, there's a new player going around trying to hunt egg down and wants Parrot's help to uncover this player's identity. Parrot tells them he's unable to help them since he's busy dealing with other issues and lacks the resources to hand over to them. Wemmbu says they need to lay low, so they sit outside of a tavern with other players around. In the meantime, they speculate who this player could be, they know this player owns a mace, no Elytra, has lots of stasises is, has decent amount of redstone knowledge, and could be anyone since they're invisible with a voice changer. A server interupts their conversation and tells them they can't loiter around and needs to buy a food or drink to sit there. Egg orders the most expensive item on the menu, being an enchanted golden apple. They try to come up with a plan, and it leads to nothing, egg says that they're cooked and he didn't want to believe that. The server comes back with their enchanted golden apples, egg eats it immediately just in case the assassin is already among them. Just as he says that, a group of players in full diamond and two netherite players jump egg and start killing random civilians. Wemmbu warns the players to run and to not get in the way of the fight, he ends up killing all of the players fighting. The server comes up to them before they leave asking for payment, Wemmbu tells him they'll pay it later and asks if he knows anything about the players that just attacked, and he says no.

Wemmbu asks what they should do now, egg says he has a plan, but it's unethical. He says to press F3 and says they're right outside of Parrot's kingdom, so Parrot has no reason to care to protect them. However, if the assassins go inside of the kingdom's vicinity, then it'd be a problem and would force Parrot to help. Wemmbu says he doesn't want Parrot's help since he didn't help them out earlier, and so he comes up with a better plan. They go on top of the statue where Wemmbu and 
Flame
's 
2v1000
 took place, Wemmbu says they're going to wait there until they're attacked. Egg uses all of his power to think and remember who these groups of players are, leading him to take off his armor to think, rearranging his blood flow to his brain, and resting in game and being vulnerable, all to say these players are just typical bandits with nothing special about them. Wemmbu asks why they even matter, egg says they can use their leader to lure out the assassins and to trust him. 

They go to the assassin's base of operations, Wemmbu has nothing on him and asks if it was really necessary for the plan to work, egg says to trust him and this is the only way to get the information they need. He heads up to the front of the base, he tells the two guards there he's defenseless and everything. The guards don't talk and gives him the signal to follow them. The leader of the group, 
dizzyu
, gets the guards to do an inventory check on him. Once it's done, they have an actual conversation, dizzy says it's unlike Wemmbu to come to them with nothing on him. Wemmbu asks who they were hired by, but he already knows and asks why the invisible player wants them dead. He then says if they were going to kill him there, they would've already done it, but they'd have no proof since he has no items on him. Dizzy tells his guards to lock him up, luckily for him, egg is right below him and dispenses items up from the ground. Being all geared back up, Wemmbu gives dizzy the chance to tell him what he knows or else his entire team dies. Wemmbu and the assassin group start fighting, his armor gets drained, so he resorts to using the guard's diamond armor set. He starts blowing up the place as well and kills off everyone besides dizzy, who surrenders. Wemmbu forces him to drop all his items. They interrogate dizzy and ask what he knows about the invisible player, dizzy says he knows as much as they do and that the invisible player paid them a hefty amount of diamond blocks to kill them both. They come up with the idea to use dizzy as bait, but the invisible player appears from behind a wall and crossbow minecarts them. This forces them to run outside, they jump in boats and stay in the water so the invisible player is unable to cart them. The invisible player catches up, Wemmbu tells egg to riptide away while he gets chased. After teleporting around for a bit, Wemmbu uses a stab shot to get height and uses the momentum to fly away quickly and dig underground to safety. He scours through all of his shulker boxes for any rockets, which he doesn't have. He also lost his stasis to the Farlands somehow as well, so he isn't able to restock on orbitals. He then takes random gear from his shulker boxes and uses a grindstone to disenchant them to mend his netherite armor.

Wemmbu then flies over to a village and asks if anyone is there and was willing to sell him any gear. He spots the invisible player awaiting him, who he didn't expect since he didn't know he was going to land there either. They ask if he's scared, Wemmbu pulls out his stab shots in attempt to shoot the player down, but runs out. When he's all out, a contraption is activated right below Wemmbu and launches him up in the air instantly into cobwebs and ancient debris, the machine starts to move and the player comes up with him. They get mining fatigue, so there's no point for Wemmbu to try and kill them. He then asks how they're able to teleport around freely, they ignore his question and says they were going to ban Wemmbu, but he's made a lot of enemies on the server and are willing to pay more for him alive. He asks who paid egg to die, they say it's for personal reasons that egg needs to die. Before they can reach their destination, the machine stops abruptly and the player goes to investigate and tells Wemmbu to stay. Once they leave, Parrot drinks milk and reveals himself to be inside of the machine as well and they break out of it. Parrot asks Wemmbu what the plan is, but Wemmbu thought Parrot had a plan since he was the one that came. They start to run, Parrot says he brought ingredients to craft firework rockets for Wemmbu and needs to get time alone to craft. They then go underground, Wemmbu tells Parrot to dig out while he fights the invisible player. Wemmbu tunnels and loses sight of the invisible player, digs up to Parrot and they make it to the surface safely. After they get away, Parrot explains egg came to him and convinced him to come save him and that if he saved Wemmbu, Wemmbu owed him a favor. Parrot then offers him a position in his guard force or to just be in his kingdom to be protected from the assassin. He says he appreciates the offer, but he doesn't want to run away and is going to ban the player right now.

Wemmbu walks back to the invisible player, who tells him he should've left with Parrot when he had the chance. They tell Wemmbu their whole plan was to weaken him until he complies, but even weakened he still stood strong. Wemmbu tells them when he defeats them, to know what's actually been going on. In the end, Wemmbu lands twelve consecutive hits on them and kills them. The episode ends with the voice of the assassin calling his name, Wemmbu looks back and sees a player with the exact same trims as the person he just killed standing there.

Trivia

This is the longest Wemmbu has gone without uploading ever since 
I Mastered Minecraft Combat
 to 
Unstable SMP: The Mafia
, which is precisely the same amount of days from Wemmbu's last upload (48 days for Mafia finale and 49 days for this video).

Wemmbu's 
orbitals
 ran out for the second time.

Parrot stated that Wemmbu owe him a favor, but actually he owes Wemmbu a favor for coming to the 
Northern Council
 and not killing him.

It is unsure when Wemmbu and Parrot's interactions take place, as 
I Created the World's Largest Minecraft Army
 takes place six hours to a week from 
Searching for a Civilization that Doesn't Exist
.

Wemmbu canonically somehow knows about The Director. Despite this, he's the only protagonist that doesn't have the word "director" mentioned by another player in any of his videos.

Originally, the thumbnail is the only one (ever) to not depict at least one of the protagonists in some shape or form.

Wemmbu previously did not want Eggchan to have mace, as shown when he refused Egg to take one in 
Serpentbound's Kingdom
. Now he contradicted this by giving Egg 
Crucible
.