MrCube6
 is widely known as a Minecraft Redstone Genius, being able to build anything he wants using Redstone. And for some reason, he wants me dead. This is How I Got Hunted by a Minecraft Redstone Genius.
— 
ParrotX2

I Got Hunted by a Minecraft Redstone Genius
 is the 31st episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

Parrot
 receives an emergency signal in his room. He checks all over the BAT base and find 
MrCube6
. MrCube traps him into a void trap disguised as a lava trap. MrCube taunts Parrot. Parrot tries to escape the void trap using pearls but fails to do so. 
Derapchu
 saves Parrot by mining into the obsidian. The rest of BAT enter the room and 
Leowook
 wasn't happy with Derapchu despite being unaware of the void trap. The entire team discuss about MrCube until they see an invisible player. Parrot suspects the invisible player to be MrCube, or someone working with him. Parrot had thought about interrogating them about The Director. Parrot decided to switch the topic and talk about practicing redstone in the courtyard, with the intention of catching MrCube in the act. 

Parrot sends a message to everyone in BAT to meet him at 10 AM in the courtyard but he intended for them to come earlier to catch MrCube in the act. However since Derapchu was missing they decided to try to catch him anyways until they find Derapchu. Derapchu explains it's a "Wire Trap", that if he steps off the pressure plate he is standing on the entirety of the base will blow up including him. MrCube gives them 20 minutes to try to defuse the bomb and also tells them that he built a bomber tank to blow up his base. Parrot defuses the bomb while the rest of BAT destroys the bomber tank. 

After the meeting it turned out that MrCube was tampering with the messaging system as Parrot tested the messaging and entered Leowook and Derapchu's rooms however they didn't receive any messages. Parrot made a meeting room and showed everyone the room. Parrot had also explained the entire message tampering and the book that Parrot had sent to Derapchu and had also explained how to catch someone trying to sneak into the meeting room. Parrot messaged one of the spies to try to sneak in to their conversation and he tells the spy to drink milk. Parrot knew it wasn't a spy and it was MrCube. MrCube drinks milk to remove his invisibility and the rest of BAT imprison him. Derapchu watches over MrCube while the rest of BAT have a conversation where Parrot explains that MrCube was probably hired by The Director. They return to the prison to question Cube about his ties with The Director. However, MrCube escaped while Derapchu was trapped and he told them that he had to go to the bathroom for 30 minutes, the cell then gets blown up by a trap from MrCube.  

BAT finds out that the armoury had been robbed by MrCube. Leowook blames it on Derapchu for not watching MrCube. Leowook sends Parrot and Derapchu to get the items back and Derapchu saw this as an opportunity to prove himself since he had been getting blamed for everything. Parrot and Derapchu find MrCube transporting the stolen items and they follow the rails to a town called 
Redstone Town
. They see 4CVIT helping MrCube secure the stolen items so they question 4CVIT regarding the stolen items. 4CVIT tells them that they were in the underground section of his base in a vault. He told them that if someone stepped on the wrong pressure plate, the vault will blow up killing everyone. Parrot and Derapchu safely make it through the vault however, 4CVIT told them that they had been wasting their time that there were no explosives. Parrot and Derapchu try to return the items to the base until a team of bandits, run by Mixiku steal some of their items. Parrot and Derapchu and kill all of the Bandits, excluding Mixiku, who runs away. On their way back to BAT headquarters Derapchu asks Parrot to let him take all of the credit for saving the items, and when Parrot refuses, Derapchu confesses that he wishes his teammates saw him differently. Parrot tells Derapchu that if he doesn't want Leowook to see him as a bad teammate he has to stop looking at himself that way.   

After heading back to BAT headquarters Leowook is impressed that Derapchu and Parrot had managed to bring back the items. After heading back to his room, Parrot receives a book from MrCube telling him that he wants to meet him and take no one with him. Parrot meets with MrCube at the location he wanted to meet him with the items MrCube wanted him to take with him. MrCube is impressed on how Parrot managed to survive all of his traps. The void trap, the Derapchu trap, etc. and also makes fun of Derapchu. MrCube explained to Parrot that he had to enter one of the 12 hallways and if he entered the wrong one, he would blow up. However, Parrot stands still and notices that all of the hallways had blown up. Derapchu appears out of nowhere and tells MrCube that he had been detained. After they imprison MrCube again, they interrogate MrCube and ask him questions regarding The Director. MrCube doesn't tell them any useful information so they leave him there to die. Jumper gives him a dandelion and MrCube gives Parrot a book from The Director. While Parrot reads the book, MrCube teleports away from the cell randomly and there's a page that says "I don't think he's a big fan of dandelions anyway". The Director also tells Parrot that he is going to meet up with him. Parrot tells BAT that he doesn't care about what he has to do and that he's going to kill The Director.   

Trivia

This is the first episode to be premiered early on 
Derapchu
's Twitch.

↑
 
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/2401297434

Gallery