On the Unstable SMP, my suspicions had become reality. 
— SpokeIsHere

I Got Hunted by Minecraft's Deadliest Stalkers...
 is the 88th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

The episode starts with 
Spoke
 being followed by two invisible spies, he pretends not to see them following him and lures them to a secret base filled with traps. The spies took their armor off to go fully invis, but Spoke spots their particles. He goes into the base and flips a hidden lever, which turns the pressure plate to open the door into a TNT fall trap. He then goes into a secret part of the base to let them enter, however, the spies didn't fall for it. They come in and raid the base and Spoke places another lever and waits for the spies to climb down the ladder leading to his location. When he hears the ladders, he pulls the lever, causing pistons to retract the blocks the ladders were placed on, leading the spies to fall into an armor stand trap. Spoke demands them to unmute and have a talk, but they refuse to, so he uses an automated dispenser machine filled with harming potions to get a word out of them. He accidentally kills one of them and forces the other one to pop their totem to reveal their username. His plan was initially to track them down and handle the situation himself, but since the spy now talks, he uses the opportunity to find out if they're working for somebody else. Spoke demands to know why they're stalking him, and the spy says they can't tell him. Since Spoke didn't get anything out of it, he activates the potion machine again, killing the spy. The spy drops a book with Spoke's name on it, confirming that this is an investigation on Spoke.

Moments after discovering the book, 
JumperWho
 and four more spies find Spoke and demands for her dead spies armor back. Spoke is about to leave when Jumper realizes the book isn't in her or any of her spies' hands. They all corner Spoke and he tries to talk his way out of it, making himself all innocent. Jumper doesn't believe it, and Spoke places a lever and pulls another trap, breaking all the moss underneath their feet. The corner Spoke was standing on had a block beneath it, so he doesn't fall into it, and Jumper reacted quickly and pearled onto the same block. The two crouch with their shields up, trying not to get knocked off by the other. Spoke threatens to look in the book and asks what they have on him and Jumper tells him that she knows Spoke killed the two spies in the hidden base. Spoke acts oblivious and says she's accusing him of something he didn't do. Spoke remembers that the lever he just pulled also activated a hopper timer that would detonate hundreds of TNT in 5 minutes. Spoke tells Jumper they'll die in a few minutes if they don't deactivate it in time, although the two don't trust each other, Jumper lets Spoke jump down to deactivate it. Once Spoke makes it to the escape tunnel, he activates the TNT anyway and escapes with ease.

Spoke goes back to his fortress to find 
Leow0ok
 arguing with 
Mapicc
. He asks why Leo and his spies are there and Leo says they're there to bring him back to the B.A.T. Headquarters. Spoke gives Mapicc the book with his name on it and goes with Leo. When they arrive, Jumper is waiting for them, and they demanded the book back, which Spoke gave them a copy of. Jumper and Leo confront Spoke, although he wanted to admit what he did wrong, he couldn't do that anymore ever since spies started dying. The interrogation got cut short and Spoke returns back to the fortress, which is now monitored by spies at every angle. Each building Spoke went into had multiple spies inside of them. Mapicc writes to Spoke in the book he gave him that he has a plan to escape without them getting caught. Spoke gathers a few spies together inside of a building and splashes them all with invisibility, then is immediately teleported outside where Mapicc grabs Spoke and flies away with a Happy Ghast. While flying away, Spoke finally reads the book with his name on it, which confirms that the spies were instructed to monitor him at all times. Spoke says there's no evidence, but Mapicc says tons of people saw, but killing them wasn't the same. The netherite armor is the last piece of info on the case, and Mapicc asked where it is, and Spoke tells him it's stored in his ender chest, which was a lie to protect the real location of it. They then spot a spy, and Spoke goes invisible and follows them to see where they're headed. He finds that there's a hidden base underneath a tree and instructs Mapicc to set a trap while he infiltrates. He goes into the base and walks right past the spies. He discovers a bunch of books stored on a bookshelf with all of them having his name on them. The main book on the lectern says that it's a top secret book, and then realize he's infiltrating since Jumper only allows three spies to work together at a time to prevent anybody from infiltrating. However, being caught was part of his plan, and Spoke runs to the area where he got Mapicc to build the trap. He swims up a waterfall, avoiding the corner. When the spies swam up, they hit the corner, which aligned their hitboxes with a hundred hidden boats that was barely sticking out of the wall, causing them to fling away. A spy dies while the other survives. Spoke, knowing that B.A.T. would be alerted of another death, runs quickly and returns to Mapicc and flies off. While up in the air, he reads the book he took from the secret base, which revealed the coordinates to the vault filled with archives. With it being only a few thousand blocks away, they couldn't just walk in, so they needed a disguise. The idea of disguising as a dead spy was out of the question, so Spoke has an idea to lure a spy to be by themselves where they wouldn't be seen by any other spies. They both then spot two new players and Spoke goes to talk to them. He says he's a spy and would protect them and asks them if there's anybody to take care of. One of them says there is somebody he can get take care of, but because he was offering this for free, he asks the person that put out the hit to come to the set of coordinates listed in the book in 90 minutes.

Spoke and Mapicc go back to their fortress, Jumper is there awaiting them and asks them where they were. Spoke goes to rename the top secret book as a "list of materials", and then heads into the Nether with Mapicc. They jump into a body of lava, which has a hidden tunnel dug underneath. Spies follow them from above, and Spoke tells Mapicc to let them follow them. He tells Mapicc at the end of the tunnel splits into two paths, Mapicc is to go left through the portal, splash invisibility, count down to thirty seconds and flick the lever and run. Mapicc turns left and one spy follows him. Spoke goes right and the other two follow him, at the end of the right tunnel is a dead end, and Spoke uses this time to restock his inventory with potions. Once the thirty seconds are up, Mapicc flicks the lever, which activates a dispenser to shoot a bunch of wind charges up into the air, which set off a stasis Spoke set up all the way in the air. Spoke and Mapicc then jump the spy that went through the portal, and they end up killing the spy. 

Spoke takes up the identity of the spy they just killed, and the other two catch up to him thinking he's the other spy and asks what happened. Spoke says he got jumped by two diamond players and clears Mapicc's name, and the others say that they should report back to Jumper. They walk all the way there, and go into a cave, where the vault full of archives is located. Jumper asks them to write their usernames to identify that they are who they are, and Spoke writes Kimchandler26, the name of the dead spy, and successfully gets by. Jumper instructs them to organize a bunch of books, with a bunch of them being about Spoke. He opens up some of the books, which shows that they know that Spoke griefed the village, killed all the witnesses, and about the family he regularly visits. There's a book in a lectern that says Leo's frustrated that the spies don't have enough evidence to kill Spoke, and that he thinks the armor isn't needed to convict Spoke, and would rather send an army of spies to kill him. Spoke and Jumper get to somewhere more private and he asks Jumper why the armor is needed to convict Spoke and why don't they listen to Leo and kill Spoke now. Jumper explains how before B.A.T. moved to the amplified lands, 
one of the former members
 was wrongfully convicted of something, and 
Jumper was the only one who went behind Leo's back to actually find the truth
 before actually convicting someone, and Leo has always been the one to jump to whatever he wants. Jumper's belief is that if Spoke does have the armor pieces, then he does deserve to be killed, if not, then there's no reason for him to. 

Leo shows up and informs Jumper about another death of a spy, and they go elsewhere to have a private conversation. Spoke tries to follow along, but Jumper says not to follow, so he goes fully invis to listen in. He eavesdrops, and Leo says that one of the spies is pretending to be a spy, but Jumper is skeptical since that's hard to pull off. Jumper tells Leo that they need the evidence to convict Spoke, but Leo says everything has gone downhill ever since Spoke has joined and that's enough evidence to kill him. They then head to interrogate the spies, Leo wants them to take off their invisibility, but Jumper says the never do that, so she asks them what they were doing before heading to the vault. Jumper asks Spoke, still disguised as Kimchandler26, to go first and he says he was chasing Spoke and Mapicc until he was jumped by two random people. When Jumper asks the other spy where they were, Spoke edits their sign to say that they're Spoke. Leo thinks that the spy is actually Spoke and begins to get angry, Spoke runs out of the vault and out the cave, where the player he talked to earlier had just arrived. He quickly gives her the Netherite armor and splashes her with invisibility, and right after Leo and Jumper kill the player thinking it was Spoke. Leo knows Spoke is up to this, but Jumper says there's not enough proof to know that Spoke was connected to it, Leo had enough of it and leaves. 

This was the end of Spoke's story, he would say the two players that asked for a bounty planned to betray, their first victim being Mapicc, who would manage to escape. Spoke would then be jumped by one of the two, but would defeat them. Jumper and Leo could only assume the other one was the actual infiltrator, only to rob B.A.T., which would clear Spoke's name. Spoke knew Jumper would defend him if Leo tried to kill him unless they found where the armor actually is.

Spoke returns to Quackenstein and his family to give them more resources, and they begin to build a clock tower. In the midst of building, Spoke sees Leo watching them. He goes to Leo and tries to make small talk, but Leo stays silent. As Spoke is about to leave, Leo finally speaks. He asks how the family obtained their armor, and Spoke tells them that he gifted it to them way before he joined B.A.T., Leo then asks what they mean to Spoke, since he's seen Spoke give them a lot. Leo then says he knows that Spoke has the items, and Spoke tries to say he's already explained everything, but Leo has had enough of his lies. Leo tells Spoke if he doesn't give up the armor, he would send spies to talk to them. Spoke asks if Leo is threatening him, Leo says, "I don't know, am I?" and flies off.

Trivia

This is the first season 2 video from Spoke to be have a more serious atmosphere as all his previous season 2 videos were humourous.

Mapicc is shown without a cape throughout the video, but can be seen with a Lunar Client cape on during the cinematic shots.

This video was originally named “Trolling Bounty Hunters on a Hardcore Minecraft SMP”.

This video went through a thumbnail change.

The only change made was that the new thumbnail had Jumper walking and swinging her sword.

Gallery