This player
 and 
his
 
team
 are arguably the deadliest players in all of Minecraft... and for some reason, they want me gone.
— 
ParrotX2

I Got Hunted by Minecraft's Deadliest Players
 is the 9th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

The episode starts with 
ClownPierce
 suddenly breaking into 
Parrot
 and 
Wifies's
 home. He almost kills Parrot before stopping and telling him to follow him to his castle. When Parrot asks Clown why he attacked but didn't kill him, he reveals that he was hired to kill Parrot, but outright killing him wouldn't be any fun. When Parrot asked what Clown means, Clown said that it means that their conversation was over before he started counting down, which makes Parrot rush to leave the castle, but is unsuccessful, opting to hide within the castle instead. While searching for Parrot, Clown offers him a fair 1 v 1 and the coordinates to his 
circus
, saying that in the end, they're not that different from each other. Needing answers regarding who hired Clown and how he was going to survive him, Parrot heads to the circus but brings Wifies with him to help fight. The two of them assume that they would get an easy victory because they had one extra player, but are soon proven wrong when Clown gains the upper hand. The two of them keep trying to escape, especially after Wifies pops his helmet, but are unable to due to mining fatigue. Eventually, 
Leow0ok
, 
JumperWho
, 
Derapchu
, 
Woogiex
,, and 
Willsion
 break into the circus and attack Clown, but he manages to get away.

When Parrot asks what's going on, Leo explains that he's been hunting Clown for ages and has been hiring bounty hunters to do so. When Parrot mentions that someone hired Clown to assassinate him, Leo asks for more information. Realizing that Leo and his hunters can protect Parrot while he helps Leo get rid of Clown once and for all, they then devise a plan to kill him using traps and ambushes before heading to their headquarters for further discussion. Parrot proposes that he'll be bait, but make it as hard as possible to kill him before asking Leo how much his budget is, to which Leo answers that it is unlimited. Parrot says that he wants a self-sealing vault to trap him in that Clown would try to break into. Leo accepts. He gives Parrot and Wifies TNT so they can blow Clown's castle up. They are unsure about the exact purpose of doing this, but assumes it is to send a message that they weren't messing around.

When Wifies and Parrot arrive at the castle, Clown spots them and starts attacking while Parrot and Wifies start exploding the castle. Clown doesn't care about the explosions, saying that he can just repair it in a few days and keeps targeting Parrot, but Parrot escapes and meets back up with Wifies. They talk about Leo not caring about thier safety and how 
PrinceZam
 may be who hired Clown.

Leo finishes constructing the vault and Parrot heads to it to lock himself inside and tells Wifies not to get involved. Leo escorts Parrot to a room in the center of the vault containing a small house, several containers, and a small jungle biome, and tells him that he can't exactly say where the escape routes are since "you never know who could be listening." He and gives him the hint "B5," saying that he'll get it when it comes down to it, then stasises out. Wifies reveals himself to Parrot, having been invisible this whole time, saying that he couldn't just leave Parrot alone in the vault, and that that two is better than one. They try to figure out how the vault works and the escape route in case of an emergency by solving the puzzles inside.

Multiple horns blare, acting as a siren signaling Clown's arrival. Parrot and Wifies stay calm, saying that since the hunters are in a 4 v 1, they'll easily kill Clown. The episode's POV switches to Jumper, showing them struggling against Clown, who is accompanied by 
FerreMC
 and 
Mugm
. The POV switches back to Parrot with Wifies, saying that they'll be fine and realistically, they just have to wait it out. He says that since there are three layers, in the worst case (Clown wins), they're screwed—Wifies highly doubts that it'll come to that, but agrees that is anything goes wrong, they should know the escape route just in case. Parrot and Wifies go back to trying to escape.

Parrot accidentally falls down a secret hole through a shulker box into layer one, and Wifies follows him. They explore for a bit and find an evacuation port that leads back to the jungle room. The POV switches to Leo, where the Clown hunters are still fighting against Clown's team. The POV switches back to Parrot, where they are still attempting to solve the puzzles in layer one. Parrot turns on hitboxes and discovers a boat in a wall that leads to a control room containing various levers to activate traps and a sign that says "NOTICE: KEEP OBSIDIAN ON HAND AT ALL TIMES TO MASK DOORWAYS." After looking around and taking the boat, they go back to the jungle room, unsure of what to do. The POV switches to Jumper, where they are still fighting against Clown's team, they are low on resources, and Leo laments that it was supposed to be a 4 v 1. He says that he has to dip and leaves the fight.

The POV switches back to Parrot, where they discuss how weird it was that it was taking them so long to give the signal. Parrot suggests trying to escape the control room. They go to the control room, and just as they were rummaging around, the sirens blare again. Unsure of what to do, Parrot and Wifies keep looking around. The sirens blare again, but there were only two horns this time, which concerns Parrot and Wifies. The sirens blare again  and the POV switches to Jumper, where they are still struggling against Clown's team. Derapchu and Jumper leave the fight as well, leaving Woogie alone to stall Clown's team.

The POV switches back to Parrot, where they are still trying to solve the puzzles in layer one, then go back to the jungle room. They express their concerns about it being too peaceful and wonder whether the Clown hunters have forgotten about them. Wifies asks Parrot if he has read "I Have No Mouth And I Must Scream," and tells Parrot about A.M., saying that he has been cited as "the most evil character in fiction," and that he absolutely despises his creators. Parrot interrupts Wifies, silencing him and looking up at the trees, swearing that he heard something and that he saw a nametag. Wifies shushes Parrot and whispers that he heard talking.

Ferre, Clown, and Mugm can be heard talking, which prompts Wifies and Parrot to escape to the control room. Wifies splashes the two of them with invisibility potions and they express concern of there being multiple people inside. Mugm talks about an elevator and Parrot has a flashback about the shulker box entrance. The three of them go down the entrance, while Wifies expresses concern that they'll soon be found. Clown's team starts rummaging around and destroying certain areas to look for anything noteworthy. Parrot and Wifies pearl into a wall and discover a hallway containing multiple exits labelled with letters and numbers. They seal themselves in with an obsidian wall and go to the one labelled "EXIT B5" just as Clown's team finds the same hallway. They find a water elevator room blocked by a ceiling of soil. They pearl above it and find another water elevator filled with wardens. Parrot finds an exit lined by lava but manages to get out onto the roof and flies away. They escape after Wifies pearls out.

They panic, wondering since when did Clown have a team while flying through the nether, Wifies says to take the weirdest route they can and leave no traces. They hide in a wall, assuring themselves that there's no way Clown's team will find them. Parrot and Wifies discuss the Clown hunters dipping, with Parrot lamenting the fact that they promised their safety and Wifies scorning the "safe billionaire budget unbreachable base." Parrot says that if B5 didn't work, they would've been doomed, and that he is shaking. Wifies worries about Parrot saying that Clown is gonna chase him until the end of time, Parrot says he doesn't know and that he's gonna have to have a stern talk with Leo.

Parrot and Wifies arrive at the headquarters and find Leo, Jumper, and Woogie there along with a bunch of villagers roaming around. After Parrot kills some of the villagers, they tell him to "chill." Parrot angrily scolds them on what happened earlier and the fact that they left with no warning. The Clown hunters argue that they promised to kill Clown—not to protect them, and questioned why they even care if they made it out alive. Parrot argues that they weren't safe at all, and Leo says that they weren't either, and should be happy that they're alive. Parrot and Wifies leave with Parrot saying to hit him up if they come up with a better plan. After they discuss the Clown hunters' actions, Parrot decides to live at spawn for the next few days.

Wifies goes to Parrot's base and tells him that he wants to show him something, to which Parrot agrees. Wifies leads Parrot to his base, where the outside perimeter has been bombed, saying that he saw it when he logged on, unsure if it was supposed to be a threat. He can only imagine that it was Clown who did it. He leads Parrot to a sign that says "This is your last warning." Wifies says that they need to do something or else more people would get caught as collateral. Parrot helps Wifies repair the holes while discussing why Clown would bomb Wifies' base since he isn't Clown's target. Parrot gets ambushed by Clown and tells Wifies to make an escape tunnel for him, since Clown would chase him if he flew away. Just as Parrot approaches the tunnel, Clown blocks it off, forcing Parrot to fly away with Wifies telling him to go to someone else, anyone else. Parrot stumbles upon the 
Wemmbu Civilization
 where he hides behind the city hall and whispers to Wemmbu for help. He goes down to the village, where he asks 
TheRealSquiddo
 and 
Block_Facts
 for help, but they're completely useless, so he runs around the village until Clown water buckets right in front of him. Once Parrot reaches the edge of town, he flies back to the city hall, where he asks Wemmbu for help and explains his situation. Wemmbu tells him to hide in the villager breeder. Clown spots him anyway and starts attacking. Parrot manages to run and hide as Clown flies away in an attempt to chase him.

Parrot explains his situation to Wemmbu and 
Eggchan
, but Wemmbu tells him to go to the shed so he can explain it properly without being outside their two-block-high wall. When they get to the shed, Parrot begs Wemmbu for help but then Wemmbu says that he's with the 
Zam Empire
, so Parrot gets out since he's sure that Zam hired Clown. Parrot begs Wemmbu to let him go, which Wemmbu agrees, since he didn't want any more enemies. He asks Parrot if there's anybody he could recruit to his civilization, and Parrot suggests 
Fantst
, who is still 
chunk banned
, then leaves.

His interaction with Wemmbu makes Parrot realize he could be a potential teammate, despite not having been on good terms in the past, as he heads to the headquarters where he overhears Leo, Jumper, and Woogie wanting to buy a yacht. He asks where Derapchu is, since he didn't show up last time, but none of them know. He apologized for getting mad and explains that Clown has gotten worse. He asks if they've seen Wifies, but they say that they haven'tand that Parrot should know where he is since they're always together. Parrot proposes a plan to chunk ban Clown, trapping him to kill him. He tells Leo to fetch the chunkban materials, then asks Jumper for PVP training.

While Jumper lists off ways Parrot can go up against someone more powerful than him, Wifies shows up out of nowhere and reveals that he's been living on the fourth floor of the headquarters. Wifies shows his hideout to them, and Parrot comments that he'd do the same thing if he ever ran away, but to a random jungle. Wifies asks what Parrot's doing and Parrot reveals that he's been training with Jumper and Woogie. He invites Wifies to join in on the training. The four of them talk about where Derapchu's been, since they haven't seen him since the fight and hope that he isn't held hostage. When Leo comes back, they start forming a plan. Parrot will lead Clown to the chunk ban. He makes it clear that he doesn't want Wifies to go with them so he goes home while the others fly to the castle.

At the castle, Parrot and Jumper scout ahead while Leo and Woogie make the chunk bans. After confirming that Clown and Ferre are inside, they head back and help build the chunk bans. Once they finish, the POV switches to Jumper. They all head into the castle to fight Clown, but only find Ferre before discovering that Clown is inside the obsidian box in the pile of obsidian on the throne. Clown targets Parrot and chases after him into a chunk ban. Ferre is left to 3 v 1 Leo, Jumper, and Parrot. Leo leaves mid-fight for unexplained reasons and Jumper and Parrot struggle against Ferre. Eventually, Jumper and Parrot are forced to retreat and reconvene with Leo, Woogie, and Wifies, where they discover the headquarters are destroyed. They discuss their failure to kill Clown, and Parrot asks if Clown has any sort of weakness, to which Leo brings up 
BranzyCraft
.

Leo leads the group to Branzy's mooshroom island factory, and after a bit of looking, they find him near a digging site. Parrot asks Branzy to tell Clown to stop since this hunt is starting to get out of hand and other people that have nothing to do with it are getting involved. Branzy asks what's in it for him and Parrot silently threatens him with his sword. Branzy reluctantly agrees. Parrot asks why Clown is the way he is, thinking back to when Clown said that the two of them were the same. Branzy lists out their similarities: having threatened to kill him, trying to hire him to do deadly things to trick people, and both being stronger and tougher than him. Parrot tells Branzy to forward the message to Clown: if he continues doing what he's doing, they're gonna kill him, to which Branzy laughs in his face about it. Branzy goes away, murmuring that he's gonna tell Clown what's going on right now, which prompts them to fly away.

Parrot realizes that the Clown hunters don't prioritize his safety and just wants to kill Clown. He lands on the edge of the island with the others following him. He questions whether they even have a safe place to stay on the server, which they say they don't. Parrot says that he gives up. The Clown hunters try to convince him otherwise, but Parrot is headstrong, stating that he needs a better team. Parrot flies to Wemmbu's Civilization and begs Wemmbu to protect him, explaining that he came here because Wemmbu extended the olive branch last time. They discuss how much the civilization has expanded, having six residents, including Fantst. Wemmbu asks why they should protect Parrot, and he tries to think of anything he can offer, but sees that Wemmbu is already set, so he requests Wemmbu's protection again. He asks who hired Clown, and Parrot says that it was Zam. Wemmbu questions how Parrot knows, and he says that Clown implied so. Wemmbu doesn't believe him but agrees to protect Parrot, saying that he wants to see what happens. He says that 
FlameFrags
 attacking his civilization and Clown trying to kill Parrot must be connected. They discuss the two events and plan to tell 
Merffinn
 and 
ManePear
 that Parrot is with them as a way to know for sure whether Zam can be trusted. Wemmbu asks Parrot to make some new traps that the Zam guards don't know about. Parrot proposes a flycatcher. He asks what the civilization's purpose is, to which Wemmbu says that he doesn't know.

Parrot then starts making the first three chunk bans and collects materials for more before he is interrupted by a group of players, including 
Jaden_MAN
, Flame, 
Falconu
, 
LettuceK
, 
Spongs
, and an invisible Clown. Parrot prompts Wemmbu to lead his people, who proceeds to give a war speech while Parrot periodically checks in on the enemies' status in breaking the chunk bans. They bow and TNT cannon the enemies while staying behind the walls. Their opponents start towering up above the civilization's walls to pearl in, and start fighting the civilization members. After a while, their enemies run out of resources and retreat. Wemmbu and Parrot go to the city hall to discuss how Zam is behind both the Flame and Clown attacks. Parrot leaves for Wifies's house while Wemmbu stays in his civilization to get rid of Flame.

Parrot finds Wifies fixing his lawn and asks if the Clown hunters are still mad at him, Wifies doesn't know, since he hasn't talked to them. Parrot explains what happened to the Wemmbu Civilization and says that he has a plan that he doesn't want Wifies getting involved in. Wifies protests, saying that he can't just abandon the Clown hunters, saying that they aren't good enough, then pull up again and say that he has a master plan, nore could he leave Wifies behind. Parrot is insistent asks for an invisibility potion. Wifies hesitates and asks what he's gonna use it for, but gives in after Parrot says he just wants to have one. Parrot says that there's something off, mentioning how Clown said that the two of them aren't so different. Wifies says he can't see how they're that similar, and that the only character flaw he can currently see in Parrot is that he keeps running away—or rather his insistence that he has to do everything on his own. Parrot leaves while Wifies tries to stop him, but he uses the invis potion and flies to the Clown hunters' headquarters while Wifies says that he'll talk to him sooner than he thinks.

Parrot finds the headquarters still blown up and tries to look for the Clown hunters, but only finds Woogie. Woogie questions him about his "safe spot" and Parrot replies that he got that in the Wemmbu Civilization and says that they've done more for him than the Clown Hunters have, but he still respects them. He says that he needs the Clown hunters for a new plan since the Wemmbu Civilization is preoccupied. Woogie wants Parrot to say that he needs their help Clown, and after a bit of stalling, Parrot relents. Woogie takes Parrot to an underground base where Leo and Jumper immediately attack him and tell him to leave. Parrot reveals his plan of wanting to kidnap Branzy, but Leo and Jumper hesitate, saying that they felt betrayed when Parrot abandoned them. Woogie and Parrot manage to convince them to team up again by their goal of killing Clown.

They fly to the mooshroom island and find Branzy inside the factory. Parrot makes Branzy take out his totem and pops it while the Clown hunters trap him in cobwebs and stone. Parrot threatens Branzy, saying that no matter how deadly Clown is, he'll always be his Achilles heel. Branzy asks if he can bring his cow, but is denied. They make Branzy give them anything that can help him escape, escort him back to the headquarters, and pop his totem. Woogie stays behind to guard Branzy, killing him if they don't message him in a period of time. They find Clown sitting on his throne with Ferre and try to negotiate a deal to put up a white flag in exchange for Branzy's freedom. Ferre goes to the nether and Clown tells them to just ignore him while they continue negotiating, Clown asks for a shulker of gold blocks in exchange for surrender, but they deny it and keep negotiating. Ferre comes back with an armorless Wifies, then traps him in cobwebs and obsidian, leaving to find Branzy. Parrot agrees to Branzy's. The POV switches to Woogie, who tells Branzy that he's lucky before letting him go. The POV switches to Parrot, who asks Clown if Branzy has confirmed that he's been let go, which he does. Parrot asks for Wifies to be freed, saying that Clown wouldn't kill Wifies for no reason, Clown confirms that he wouldn't without getting paid to do so and lets Wifies go. Parrot gives Wifies his elytra and rockets and hurriedly tells him to fly away before pearling away. Once they're near the sea, Wifies crashes next to Parrot and gives him his elytra back, then boats away.

Parrot flies away to a random jungle as he messages Wifies to stay safe, and Wifies promises to no longer be a liability. Parrot builds a new base that Wifies manages to find. Parrot questions how he managed to find him and Wifies mentions that Parrot said that if he ever ran away, he'd be in a jungle. Parrot is unhappy that Wifies found him, worried that he'll put him and other people in danger. Wifies says that he's already been through whatever and that he just wants to make sure Parrot's fine, to which Parrot says he's fine and tries to force Wifies to leave. Wifies hasn't left and tries to reason with Parrot that they're better as two people than just one. Parrot replies that he just wants to run away and never talk to anybody ever again, to which Wifies replies that that's an absolutely miserable existence and he may as well be banned. He tries to reason with Parrot to stop running and try to fight back and do something while Parrot keeps arguing that it would be safer for everybody without him. Wifies asks Parrot what he actually wants and Parrot says he wants to keep playing without the fear of Clown. Wifies says that Parrot should start doing what's in his best interest, Parrot says that he's still gonna need some convincing, but he's gonna keep brainstorming a plan to get rid of Clown. Parrot and Wifies dig down to discuss the two possible routes they can take: Parrot can keep on living in the jungle where Clown will never find him while Wifies goes back to live on the server, or they kill Clown, which Wifies finds a bit more desirable. He asks if Parrot has a plan, and he says to screw it and that he needs to fight Clown 1 v 1, but that he needs some kind of trick since he knows that he won't win. He tells Wifies to grab everything from his base.

Wifies comes back and immediately pots Parrot with invis and apologizes, saying that Clown's team were gonna kill him if he didn't give them Parrot's coordinates. Parrot dismisses it at first, saying that they don't care about him now that he was practically gone from the server, but hears Clown and sneaks away. Clown's team destroys his base and Parrot flies away after Wifies. They reconvene as Clown's team blows up the jungle in their search.

Parrot leads Wifies to the Wemmbu Civilization, saying that it's arguably the last safe place on the server, only to see that it's been blown up. Parrot and Wifies wander around the area while discussing what could have happened. Parrot digs into the fake vault, then leaves. When Wifies asks what it was, Parrot says that it was a lie. The POV switches to Wemmbu, showing various parts of his video (
"I Created Minecraft's Greatest Civilization"
) in flashback form. The POV switches to Parrot, who declares that he is gonna kill Clown and destroy everything that he cares for. 

Parrot goes back to the headquarters after making Wifies promise not to follow him 'cause it was gonna put the entire server in jeopardy. Parrot goes down the underground meeting room and declares his plan to 1 v 1 Clown and nuke his castle, to which the Clown hunters call him insane for, but follow him anyway. They blow up as much as they can using Leo's TNT while Clown and Ferre attack them with Parrot declaring the cycle will continue as long as Clown hunts him, threatening Branzy's life as well. Parrot proposes a 1 v 1 the next day, saying that this was going to keep on going until one of them ends it. Clown says that they aren't very different in the end. Parrot asks him what he means, but Clown doesn't elaborate.

Parrot flies to Wifies' base and finds him terraforming his lawn. Parrot tells Wifies his plan to 1 v 1 Clown and asks him to help him practice, but gives up after seeing how terrible he was. Wifies says that it wouldn't be dirty for Parrot to have a gimmick. Parrot asks Wifies to tell Leo to plant a bunch of TNT under Clown's castle, marked with two vertically stacked mycelium blocks. They go into Wifies' house and Parrot tells him that after their conversation, he was gonna kill Branzy, Wifies tries to change his mind, saying that it's pointless to do so, but Parrot argues that Clown doesn't care about his builds. Wifies keeps trying to convince Parrot that it would be wrong to kill Branzy and that even Clown wouldn't do it. Wifies realizes that he can't stop Parrot, and asks him to listen to himself. He tells Parrot that this is wrong and his past self wouldn't have approved. Parrot asks that if he did do it, would Wifies still think of him the same, Wifies replies that he'd still be on his side, but wouldn't think of him the same. Parrot reminds him to tell Leo to rig the castle and says he'll see Wifies later. Wifies tells him, "Don't die. Stay safe."

Parrot flies to the mooshroom island and observes Branzy for a bit, but Branzy spots him, which scares him. Parrot tells him to head into the factory, weapon in hand, as Branzy tells him that he's been cleaning and replacing the cow that he murdered. He asks how Parrot's day has been. He remains silent before asking if Branzy can show him around. As Branzy shows him a lily, Parrot interrupts and says that by the end of the tour, he'll have decided if he'll kill Branzy or not then tells him to continue. Branzy continues the tour, even more scared, and heavily emphasises things that could possibly lead to deescalation (ie. lily of peace, using levers to blow off steam, etc.). Parrot asks Branzy if the tour is over and Branzy shows him a torchflower and says "This is my flower of 'please don't kill me.'" Parrot tells Branzy to follow him onto one of the cranes. He asks Branzy, "If Clown were in my shoes, would he kill you?" to decide Branzy's fate. He answers that Clown would absolutely kill anyone and everyone except himself. Parrot fakes trying to kill him before clarifying that he won't, saying that they aren't the same person. He asks why Clown is the way he is. Branzy replies that he likes to think that Clown is misunderstood, that he just wants to show that he's the most powerful person on the server. Parrot tells him that he's gonna 1 v 1 Clown tomorrow, and Branzy wishes him luck. He asks if Branzy will tattle on him, and Branzy answers that for today only, he would not. He asks how weak Clown would be against 30, 000 TNT and how okay Branzy would be with Clown dying, saying that if he lost Wifies, he would be very upset, and he would imagine Branzy would be, too. Branzy answers that he would never be okay with it, but he would understand, and that he doesn't think that Clown would survive 30, 000 TNT. Parrot thanks Branzy and flies away.

Time skips to the next day as Parrot heads to Clown's ruined castle. They have some small talk before they begin the fight. As they're fighting, Parrot tells Clown about what happened with Branzy. He expresses surprise that Clown didn't bring any backup and accepted the 1 v 1 in the first place. They talk about honor and reputation, with Parrot saying that Clown got hired by the sleaziest person on the server and Clown replying that he doesn't care as long as he gets paid. Parrot asks Clown why he is the way he is. Clown replies that he has a job that he intends to finish. Parrot says that he isn't scared of Clown 'cause he doesn't care about being banned anymore, Clown says that that's a good coping mechanism. Parrot eventually finds the two mycelium and tells Clown that he disagrees about the fact that they aren't so different before taking out a lever and activating the trap. There are so many explosions that it lags the server, but Parrot manages to escape and fly to Wifies' base.

Parrot tells Wifies that Clown disappeared. Wifies asks if Parrot killed Branzy and he says no, then thanks Wifies for convincing him not to, because there would have been no going back from it. Parrot asks about the Clown hunters and Wifies says that he hasn't seen them around, but that they can go find them. They head to the headquarters, which are still destroyed. They go to the underground base which has also been destroyed, to their surprise. Just as they are about to fly away, Parrot spots a sign that says, "You're right... We aren't the same."

Parrot and Wifies head back to Parrot's base and find a framed 
book
 on two iron blocks. Wifies asks where they're headed next on their search for Clown.

Thumbnail

This episode's thumbnail depicted 
Parrot
 (left) facing the camera and hiding behind the wall, with 
FerreMC
, 
Clownpierce
 and 
Mugm
 (middle to right respectively) dressed in full netherite (in contrast to Parrot's lack of armour) and seems to be actively hunting him. This thumbnail also uses rule of 3, a designing technique that can make thumbnails more visually appealing, as the wall Parrot hides behind takes the entire left third of the screen.