BIG BOOM 4/4
— 
FlameFrags

I Got Trained By a Minecraft TNT Master
 is the 109th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

FlameFrags
 explains that there's five main weapons that people think of that are in Minecraft: sword, bow, axe, spear, or mace. He says there's a super unique combat technique that very few players can even do; TNT minecart PvP, and he wants to master it. Flame heads to a 
Law
 member in netherite that's AFK and demonstrates how TNT minecart-ing works. He then explains the difficulty of this combat style, minecart damage could be negated with shields or blocks, blast protection could protect them, miss shots, even hitting yourself with the minecart, and much more. Flame wants to master this style to prevent accidentally blowing himself up, so he makes it his goal to find 
TheobaldTheBird
, whose specialty is TNT minecarts. Though, Flame is still exiled and goes invis and heads into 
Capitol City
 to head over to Theo and 
Parrot
's potion shop. He overhears The Law trying to recruit new players and others going around telling people to vote for 
LettuceK
. He gets close to the potion shop, where he doesn't see Theo or Parrot, so he goes closer to get information. Two other players stand in front of the shop, they talk about Parrot and the election, mentioning that he now lives in the 
Northern Council
. Flame then heads over to the Northern Council using an invisible horse on the obsidian highway. A random player in iron armor pretends to be a lawman blocks the path with blocks and mentions how TheG0dofWar would kill him since he's strong, Flame punches him off the highway and the player falls to their death. 

Flame gets to the Northern Council and hides his horse somewhere, he doesn't know where the rooms are located, and uses a spyglass to look at the nametags above, which happened to be Theo and Parrot. To avoid going inside, he throws a wind charge at their window to get their attention. Parrot shoots a renamed arrow telling Flame to follow them when they leave to get to a safer place to talk. They make it far enough, Parrot says whoever was following them can come out now, Flame drinks a milk bucket and drops the invis. Parrot asks why Flame is there when he's exiled from Law territory still, Flame says he has a question for Theo, asking for training in TNT minecart PvP. Parrot says they don't have much time and needs to find 
Wemmbu
 out in the 
Great Sea
, Theo was stuck between the option of training Flame or help save the server, Parrot says the reason why Flame was even exiled is because of the death of the thousand lawmen, but Theo argues back that Parrot had also killed a lawman, making him just as guilty. Flame then mentions how he's trying to get back at The Law, how they didn't intend for it to happen, and Lettuce hadn't let go of trying to hunt him down. When Flame says him and Wemmbu are the two strongest, Theo clears his throat to remind Flame that he's also strong, and chooses to go to the Great Sea when Flame discarded him. Flame stops them and goes on and says if he doesn't train, he wouldn't be strong enough to take down The Law or have many players that are willing to take down The Law. Theo asks Parrot his opinion on it, Parrot says it's his choice and doesn't think Flame has bad intentions, Parrot heads off on his journey, and Theo agrees to train and says that it'd be more interesting than walking for hours on end.

Flame and Theo head out of spawn, Theo asks why Flame wants to learn cart, Flame explains to him that The Law has started to counter his only playstyle, being sword, with weakness and stops Flame from being a threat. Theo realizes he can't be caught with Flame when he's exiled, so he takes Flame to a remote location. The location they headed to is a big manmade forest where Theo used to train players in carts, Flame asks what happened to them, Theo reminds him that 
his students ran into Flame and all died
. On the training grounds, Theo explains the basics of carting and the potential it has. He tells Flame to shoot a cart first try and be a natural, Flame manages to do so, and Theo says to do it twice in a row. Flame says wouldn't that kill him, and Theo says to use the terrain and that the player's feet is their line of sight of where the explosion does the most damage. Flame does this first try and impresses Theo, he says no other player on Unstable has been able to do what he did. Theo says he was going to ditch Flame is he missed the carts and admits that he didn't prepare any carts, Flame says he's exiled from everywhere and can't trade. Theo asks if he's been to the black market, Flame says he did bad things the last time he was there, Theo says he has a guy there, so Flame agrees to come with. Heading over back to Capital City, a lawman follows them and stops them when he sees Flame in invisibility. Theo says that it's Parrot and someone accidentally splashed invis on him, Flame puts on his best Parrot impression, but the lawman says he needs to un-invis right now. Theo hints at Flame to start fighting and use carts in the fight, Flame pulls off good cart hits on the lawman and kills him off with his sword. 

Flame and Theo then head into the black market, which was close to the fight that just took place, Theo heads in first to avoid being caught with Flame, Flame says to signal his cart vendor. When it's Flame's turn to enter the black market, he's stopped by the other players of the black market because he robbed them the last time he was there. Flame threatens to kill everyone there, and the players back off. Flame goes to the cart vendor and asks for his prices, he says he takes anything from gapples and blocks of diamonds, Flame gives a stack of gaps for two shulker boxes full of carts. Flame then goes around asking people to trade for bottles of XP, someone goes up to him and says it's 16 bottles for every netherite piece, Flame gives them a shulker box full of netherite gear from all the Law members he's killed, the player gives him his whole stock. When it's time to leave the black market, The Law's horn is blown, and TheG0dofWar, the commander that the player from earlier was talking about, comes in, and everybody starts to hide. TheG0dofWar asks why everyone is hiding, and one player steps up and says that they're evading taxes, and TheG0DofWar says taxes don't matter anymore in Capital City since it doesn't affect Lettuce. Everyone starts to come out of hiding and TheG0dofWar asks if there's been any commotion, and the players rat out Flame's location. TheG0dofWar reminds Flame that he's exiled from the server and asks what makes him think he can stand in front of the God of war. Theo tries to diffuse the situation by talking it out like gentlemen, Flame tries to leave, but TheG0dofWar stops him and says they're dueling right then and there. The two start to fight, Flame gets boxed in and gets crit out. Flame pearls to the exit, Theo follows them, pretending to leave too, and splashes them all with invis so they can escape safely. Theo says Flame got bodied, but Flame says he didn't have speed or a shield and wasn't prepared to fight.

Back at Theo's training ground, he shows Flame the technique of using a crossbow to shoot the minecart. The difference between the crossbow and bow is that the speed of the arrow determines how much damage it does. Theo then shows Flame the best places to place the carts, especially on ledges. Flame practices the position and misses a lot of the shots, but then gets the right crosshair position and gets it off multiples times in a row. Theo explains if Flame's ever on flat ground, to use blocks as his advantage, placing a block right in front of his feet and then using flint and steel on top of the block. Flame has the idea of placing a block and standing on top of it to bow from above and practices that technique. Theo shows another technique, which is pearl carting, which requires charging up a bow while the pearl is in the air. Flame hits it, and Theo says he's already set since he's already one of the best cart PvPers on Unstable and that he has good mechanical skills and to focus on consistency. Theo has an idea for Flame, to go rematch TheG0dofWar to be an official cart PvPer and to get his revenge after getting dunked on.

Flame goes back to spawn and meditates on top of a lava cast in order to get into the zone. In the midst of meditating, a lawman named 
theQuad_
 yells at Flame to leave, Flame threatens to kill the lawman and instructs him to take him to TheG0dofWar. They arrive to a huge desert monument, TheG0dofWar is seen meditating in the middle of the colosseum. Flame makes 
theQuad_
 scream at TheG0dofWar and disrupt his meditation process. TheG0dofWar turns back and sees Flame and asks what he's doing there, Flame says he's there to have a rematch where he's actually prepared and geared for a battle. TheG0dofWar agrees and wants to see if Flame can stand against him. The fight starts off with just melee only, the fight then escalates down the waterfall, and Flame begins to use carts. Flame pops a few totems, causing TheG0dofWar to run into a cave, Flame restocks right outside the cave and heads in to continue the fight. Flame pops a couple more totems and TheG0dofWar runs out of the cave, shooting Flame with a punch bow to keep him inside. With all the commotion going on, a few lawmen from above start to watch the fight go down. Flame carts TheG0dofWar and pops even more totems, TheG0dofWar says the end is near for one of them, Flame asks if he's going to keep fighting, and he replies by saying he'll fight to his last breath. Flame says he doesn't want to kill him and only wanted to beat him to see if he could hold his word of being the God of war. Flame says that he's a worthy opponent and he can keep coming back to duel and improve, Flame makes him come back for a rematch when he's strong enough and not to waste his time.

With the God of war being defeated, he considers himself a master of TNT minecart PvP, and with every other weapon mastered, he's considered a Minecraft combat master, but has to prove it by putting it to the test by doing one last thing: taking down The Law. Flame wants to prove to himself that his skills are himself and not the weapons he wields, the episode ends with Flame saying his first step was already decided.

Trivia

In the comments of a reaction video to this episode, Theo said that Flame cut out parts of the training where he explained niche methods and many other techniques.

From this video onwards, Flame stopped using the armor HUD and saturation mods, possibly to make his videos seem as vanilla as possible.