ragebait
— 
FlameFrags

I Got REVENGE on the Unstable SMP
 is the 55th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

After 
FlameFrags
 saved his best friend, 
Jaden_MAN
, from the Abandoned Civilization, Jaden wanted to get revenge on 
Wemmbu
 for trapping him in there. Flame wanted to do it alone, but Jaden insisted they formed a team with all of Wemmbu's former enemies, so they went around the server and hired 
WyLL
, 
Willsion
, 
Spongs
, 
Fantst
, and 
Baablu
. They go around pressing players for clues on where Wemmbu could be, and 
4CVIT
 tells them that he was hunting 
Sharpness
 in the 
Farlands
. Flame and Jaden set a remote stasis chamber, and they all use an ender pearl cannon to teleport to the start of the Farlands. They walk past old structures and locations where Wemmbu and Sharpness had their fights until they make it to the next biome of the Farlands, where they see 
eggchan
. The team begins to jump Wemmbu, but Wemmbu manages to fly and lose sight of them. Baablu finds Wemmbu and the rest of them stack up to their location, but Spongs cobwebs them, giving Wemmbu enough time to fly away. 

They all agree to split up to cover more ground, Flame and Jaden go on their own to get some time away from Spongs and Willsion, as they traverse further into the Farlands, they spot Sharpness in the distance. Flame pots up and jumps Sharpness in hopes of trying to kill him for the mace. Sharpness puts the mace in his ender chest, Flame attacks him trying to scare him into taking it out, but Jaden had other plans, wanting to recruit Sharpness into their team. Flame reluctantly lets Sharpness join and asks how he got the mace, Sharpness explains that it's Wemmbu's mace and that he's there to dupe it. Due to the fact that the Farlands has weird glitches, Flame has an idea to pretend to know a dupe glitch, Flame uses his two Netherite swords and pretends that he duped his swords. Sharpness believes it and gives Flame the mace so that he could dupe the mace for all of them, they chase each other around, but agrees on a deal to give back the mace once Wemmbu was taken care of. 

Flame, Jaden, and Sharpness make it to the gravel biome and find the rest of their team who look badly beaten up. Flame is fed up with them and how they couldn't deal with Wemmbu without them there, and declares himself the leader of the team. He comes up with a plan of leading Wemmbu into a box where the rest of the team would hide and ambush him. Fantst says that Wemmbu told them to meet back at the ice spikes biome, and they build the box at the very bottom of the biome. Flame gives Jaden back his mace and they go towards Wemmbu, who's waiting at the very top of an ice spike. Wemmbu appears to be losing until somebody breaks out the box and they all run out. Their plan has everyone turn on each other, they all begin attacking each other instead of focusing on Wemmbu. Flame asks Jaden to give him back the mace, thinking Flame will use it on Wemmbu, Flame instead betrays the team and maces them. Both Flame and Wemmbu were low on resources and had no more gear, until eggchan came in and dropped shulker boxes that was left inside of the box. Flame pops all of their totems and they all leave, Flame gives Wemmbu his mace back since Flame doesn't use mace as his primary weapon. Wemmbu wonders if this bonded their friendship, but Flame says they aren't on the best terms or consider him as a friend and to not get it twisted. With no way out, Flame begins to walk back from where he came from, when all of a sudden his pearl stasis gets pulled.

Trivia

Spongs revealed in a 
tweet
 that him and Willsion had no filter and were told to just be themselves.

Navigation