"
I don't think we had any improvements in our quality of life.
" — 
This article is missing an image. Please help the 
Unstable Universe
 Wiki by 
uploading
 and 
adding
 one.

after my civilization of THOUSANDS fell, the armies put ME at blame... and they decided that things wouldn't be right... until I was dead.
— 
SpokeIsHere

I Got Betrayed by my 1000 Player Army...
 is the 63rd episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

   SPOILER

Spoke explains that Spoke and 
Mapicc
 were casually playing on the Unstable SMP until they saw them. Spoke's 1000 player army that he had gathered and raised in 
I Manipulated 1000 Players on the Unstable SMP
 but he quickly lost control and thought it was over. Mapicc calls Spoke to see the incoming threat but Spoke refuses and says that he's making a zombie farm. Mapicc calls Spoke again but Spoke replies the same and that he doesn't care and he's making a zombie farm. Mapicc says they should execute Protocol 32. Hundreds or thousands of players storm their base and blow it up from above. Spoke and Mapicc use their secret escape. Together, they make it over to their chicken cannons and escape to Mapicc's sky base. Spoke realises their hunters have found them and now pillaring up. An invisible player with a voice changer approaches them and that invisible player says that "Hello, Hello, Hello. Now you have been having some troubles recently. I'd say that sometimes you need to learn Spoke. Spoke sometimes you need to learn that your actions have consequences and you might not like what's on the otherside-" Spoke quickly interrupts the invisible player by pointing out it's trash quality of the microphone. The invisible player drops Spoke a written book-and-quill and a single raw porkchop and then jumps off. Spoke tries to find where the invisible player went up from. Spoke finds a nether portal. Spoke reads the book.

" dear

Spoke,

1989

the players were rebelling. 

but all they needed was a new form of leadership.

A leader that shared their same desire.

Here I am!

Spoke, your crimes will finally catch up to you. 

Better start running

- THE EXECUTIVE"

Spoke crafts some tnt, grabs some wind charges, lava buckets and some ender pearls. Mapicc wind charges some of them. Spoke shoots one of them off their pillar killing him immediately. Spoke ignites a TNT on them to slow the players down. Spoke uses a fishing rod to try and fling some of them off their tower. It doesn't work. They soon resort to bombing the players. Spoke is knocked off; the players make up to their sky base and quickly pillage it. They soon overrun the base. They soon retreat to the nether portal only to realise it broken and they have no obsidian. Spoke pearls to the ground and goes underground with Mapicc. They make a nether portal underground and escape. Mapicc makes a ... not so pretty wooden hut. Spoke realises his Riptide III trident is on 1 durability. Spoke finds 
The Executive
 ominously standing on a basalt pillar. The executive tries to throw Spoke a book but it burns in lava. The Executive turns off his voice changer and then back on realizing his mistake. The executive warns Spoke his army is going to kill him. Spoke realises he couldn't run forever as they were running low on resources. Spoke builds a platform in the nether. He contructs 5 TNT cannons but one blew up leaving him with 4. Mapicc stays in the lava. They defend for an impressive amount of time but eventually he is forced to retreat and nether portals into 
Leow0ok
's base. Leo agrees to defend them from their hunters as the players are griefing his base. Together, they kill all the hunters. 

Trivia

The video's original title was "1000 Players Hunt Me in Hardcore Minecraft".

This is the least viewed Unstable Universe video.