they want me gone bruh
— 
FlameFrags

I Got Hunted on the World's Largest Minecraft Server
 is the 91st episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

As 
Flame
 is leaving the radius of spawn, 
Deputy_Ace
 and three other lawmen follow him to capture him. He doesn't understand why they're chasing him when 
LettuceK
, the leader of 
The Law
, told him to get lost. With no other place to go, he goes to 
Lomedy's
 base to restock. Lomedy isn't pleased to see him and tells Flame to leave, but Flame convinces Lomedy to let him stay and restock. Before getting to his main goal of finding the people that can train him, he practices a technique with wind charges and pearls that allows him to pearl faster, making his movement more unpredictable. He runs short of wind charges and Lomedy's other teammate tells Flame there's a trial chamber not too far away from their base. Flame goes to the trial chamber and stumbles upon two bandits, who tell him to leave. Flame sticks to Lomedy's word to not cause any trouble, so instead of killing them for it, he tries to negotiate a trade, which they decline. He hears a horn being blown in the distance, which indicates that The Law is nearby, and he hides in a wall. The bandits are unaware, and when The Law shows up, they're stripped of their items and forced to surrender. While the lawmen aren't looking, Flame jumps in and takes the wind charges and leaves.

Flame goes back to Lomedy's base and asks for somebody to help him test the technique that he was practicing. Lomedy agrees under one condition: that Flame leaves his farm afterwards. He tests with Lomedy's teammates first and Lomedy last, and Lomedy tries to mace him, indicating that he was trying to kill Flame. Once they're done practicing, Deputy_Ace appears right behind them. The farmers are scared, but the deputy tells them he's only there for Flame. Flame says he agreed to their exile rules and doesn't know why The Law was chasing him. The deputy says his goal was to capture Flame dead or alive, preferably alive. The deputy says he would spare Flame and that he killed a thousand players, but Flame doesn't care and says the deputy can take in his sword if he manages to kill him, and they begin to fight. The deputy runs out of resources and says Flame can stop fighting him and there's nobody to blame but himself for what happens next before heading off. As Flame is gearing up before leaving for good, a dozen lawmen in full netherite come charging in from a distance. Lomedy and his farmers beg Flame to help, but Flame says he can't because they called him "not good" earlier. Lomedy even gives Flame his mace, and Flame finally agrees once they take back their words. Flame and the farmers begin to fight off the lawmen as they blow up Lomedy's farm at the same time. Flame is able to kill a few of them with the mace and his new technique, but some of the lawmen start to use slow-falling arrows on him. They keep hitting Flame with slow falling, and with Flame's armor being on low durability, he's unable to do anything. Flame says he's about to die, and Lomedy turns himself in to The Law to save Flame's life. Flame gets back on his horse to run, but two lawmen chase after him. One loses track while the other catches up, and Flame kills them in a matter of seconds.

Though Flame got away, he failed to defeat The Law, and his best friend had gotten arrested because his combat techniques still weren't good enough. He begins his journey to find the few remaining players that can teach him to improve, already having the first person in mind.

Trivia

The video's original title was I Became WANTED on the Unstable SMP before being changed to I Got Hunted on the World's Largest Minecraft Server,