im innocent dawg (aside from those 1000 players)
 
— 
Wemmbu

I Got Hunted By the Minecraft LAW
 is the the 93rd episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

Wemmbu
 runs to 
Flame's
 base to get his help, only to be greeted by a griefed base and no Flame around. A few of the prison guards chase Wemmbu to capture him again, but Wemmbu kills them and digs into a cave to stay hidden. He breaks all of his pickaxes and is forced to go to surface, where he finds a small village and asks the players that live there if he can use an ender chest. The civilians say they don't have one, so he asks where Redstone Town is, and they tell him that it's east from their village. Wemmbu uses the railroad, but goes on foot after a bit. He's back at the place where the 
2v1000
 took place, and he spots a few lawmen, in which he kills.

Afterwards, Wemmbu finally makes it to Redstone Town, but decides to sneak in due to it being heavily guarded. He gets into 
4CVIT's
 base and tells him to come downstairs to ask for the redstone cannon. 4C tells Wemmbu that he got rid of it because people threatened him for it, and Wemmbu asks 4C's help to rebuild one, but 4C doesn't trust Wemmbu and snitches on Wemmbu. With nothing else to his name, Wemmbu goes back to the only safe place he knows of: The End dimension. Going back to the stronghold, he finds an ender chest, but most of his gear is nearly broken. When he gets near the portal, he overhears a few lawmen hesitant about going into the End. He digs around and drops down into the portal and the lawmen jump in after him, where the spawn platform is trapped and 
MinuteTech
 shows up and kills the lawmen. Minute and Wemmbu catch up, then Minute leads Wemmbu back to 
eggchan
 to restock. Wemmbu says he's heading back to the Farlands to regear, but Minute says he has different opinions, he says his duty is to defend the dimension, and doesn't know how much more lawmen Lettuce will send, so he intends to give up the entirety of the End. Wemmbu doesn't know any other way to get back to the Farlands without walking back on foot or getting redstone materials, Minute gives a player recommendation that lives in the amplified lands, Minute and Wemmbu go brew invisibility potions so he can get there safely without getting spotted.

Wemmbu heads to the amplified lands and unexpectedly reunites with 
Spoke
, the person that Minute recommended. Wemmbu asks Spoke if there's a way to get a player out of the End without going to their spawn point, Spoke says there is a way, but Spoke still needs the favor from Wemmbu. Wemmbu, Spoke, 
PrinceZam
, and 
Mapicc
 all head to the Nether roof and goes back to the 
old B.A.T. base
 and goes to an obsidian box that was built after it was destroyed. Inside of the box is 
Leow0ok's
 ender pearl stasis and Spoke requests Wemmbu to kill him. They pull the pearl and begin jumping Leo, but he quickly gets out. Wemmbu watches from afar as Spoke and Mapicc try to kill him, and Leo stasises away. Spoke is defeated and needs time to think of another plan, Wemmbu asks again how to free a player, and Spoke crashes out and tells Wemmbu how, but Wemmbu owes Spoke another favor at another time.

Wemmbu goes back to the End and tells Minute and egg the good news, as they're about to leave, a huge amount of lawmen show up. Minute goes to talk to them, and with no time left, Wemmbu and egg pearl into the portal, leading them to world spawn. They walk towards the direction of 
Capital City
, but realizes that 
The Law
 owns Capital City now. They head towards a wall that that isn't as heavily guarded, but egg stands in front of a guard and alerts them of their whereabouts, Wemmbu then loses sight of egg. Wemmbu kills the guard and they get into Capital City, Wemmbu loses sight of egg again and a bunch of people start noticing the invisibility particles and ratting them out, causing them to run out. Instead of sneaking in, Wemmbu's plan is to kill all the guards and brute-force their way through. Wemmbu kills off some guards and they get into the train station, but is surrounded by guards that begin to kill the dolphins that leads to the Great Sea. They manage to lose track of most of the guards, and some follow, but eventually they get far enough to outrun the guards. Once they get to the other side of the tunnel, 
Deputy_Ace
 is already awaiting with a dozen lawmen. They begin to attack Wemmbu and egg, and while they fight, Wemmbu's Elytra breaks. Wemmbu and egg then surrender to The Law, and as Deputy_Ace is telling them how executing them would be for the better for the server, 
Jaden_MAN
 comes down and maces a lawmen. The player drops a riptide trident and egg picks it up, egg gives Wemmbu the trident so he can use it in the rain, Jaden and his Pirates help them fight off The Law. Every lawmen dies except Deputy_Ace, who flees from the battle. Wemmbu tells Jaden that Lettuce is about to become king and execute him for assisting him, but Jaden says The Law doesn't cover the Great Sea. The episode ends with Jaden bringing Wemmbu and egg back to the new and improved Pirate Civilization base.

Trivia

The video's title has been changed multiple times, from the original "I Got Hunted By the Minecraft LAW",  to "I Got Hunted By the Unstable SMP LAW", and to "I Became a Minecraft Fugitive", likely for A-B testing.

It is currently back at its original title, though it may be subject to change.

Thumbnail

The video's thumbnail depicts 
Wemmbu
 (left) looking at the camera in a prisoner suit, while 
LettuceK
 (right) and a group of lawmen seem to be actively hunting him down, suggesting Wemmbu is a fugitive.