The MAFIA
 is after me. If I don’t give them my exploits, then they will destroy everything I love. Will we be able to survive the relentless invisible hunters with the help of our new friends? Or will I give in and reveal the exploits to 
Ash
...
— 
Spoke

I Got Hunted by the Minecraft Mafia
 is the 19th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

Spoke
 and 
Mapicc
 get found by the 
invisible players
 that were hunting them earlier. They get chased by the invisible players as they mine through the nether, Mapicc gets most of his armour broken by the invisible players and they almost die until 
MinuteTech
 shows up and starts killing them with a mace. Minute confronts them asking why they are fighting the invisible players and asks them how they even survived getting attacked. Minute further asks them why 
The Invisible Mafia
 was even attacking them. They don't know. They beg Minute to place an ender chest and they take resources. Minute asks them how many were there and they answer 50. Minute tells them to run, saying that '50 isn't normal'. They dig up to the nether roof and run on the nether roof. Spoke asks Minute on how does he know about the Invis Mafia. They learn that Minute was actually apart of 
Ashswagg's
 Mafia.   

They learn about the Mafia's past that it didn't used to be so violent. But when Ashswagg came in power, he weaponized the members and made them set a stasis and thats when Minute left before he was forced to set a stasis. He had been on the run ever since. Mapicc suggests rolling up to 
Mafia City
 and killing Ashswagg. Minute says it is a miracle Mapicc isn't dead and it is a horrendous idea. Minute advises them to set up traps and normal PvP combat wouldn't cut it. Minute asks them if they have any friends and they answer they have 
TheRealSquiddo
 and 
Jepexx
 as friends but they don't fight, rendering them useless. They land at a remote location. Minute tells them he isn't looking for teammates but Spoke and Mapicc try to convince him on why they should team up. Minute thinks having teammates is a liability. Minute leaves and tells them he isn't looking for teammates. Mapicc tells Spoke to follow Minute and they invis and take off all their armor. They go through a portal. They follow Minute. They mine into Minute's stash. They are caught by Minute. Minute tries to kill them and Minute tells them reasons on why he shouldn't kill them. Spoke and Mapicc give them reasons like they're respectful, kind etc... but the convincing one was when Spoke threatened to dox the coordinates of the stash. Mapicc and Spoke tries to convince Minute to join their team. Minute ponders on whether he should move again. Minute gears them up with potions, golden apples, gear, bottles of enchanting, ender chests, enchanted golden apples and food. Spoke tells Minute to meet up at his hideout. Spoke says he has never been jumped in this hideout; and they even call Minute a friend but Minute doesn't see them as allies. They go to the nether roof and fly over there. They give Minute a tour of 
Spawn
 and Spoke's base. They come out but realise the front is blocked by obsidian so they try mining out but then they're attacked by 4 invisible players. They fight them. In the fight, Spoke keeps demanding Mapicc to mend his elytra and Mapicc gives  him the bottles of enchanting but Spoke misses. Minute maces one of them and the other 3 flee. They shot a white firework signaling retreat. Minute leads them to one of his traps. Minute gives them a few fireworks as Spoke had ran out completely. The Invisible players reappear attacking Mapicc. This time, there's a 
Copper-Trimmed
 player too. Minute hits one of them into a head-hitter trap. The trimmed player escaped.  

They thank Minute for helping them survive. Minute explains the trimmed player is a higher ranking player than the normal untrimmed foot soldier meaning Ashswagg is sending higher skilled players after them. Minute says he's down to team with them if they get better at surviving and PvP. They rejoice and says they could invite Jepexx. Minute asks who's Jepexx and they said they replied with the strongest player who formed the "Beacon Civilization" . Minute asks what happened to the 
The Ice Castle
 and they said it got 
Orbital Strike Cannon'ed
. Minute says they have to recruit more players. Minute gives them 3 pairs of coordinates and a pair of leather boots for the meantime. Minute says he's going to dig-up some old contacts and advises them to do the same. Spoke and Mapicc says its wraps for Ashswagg when they find 
their contacts.
 They realise nearly everyone hates them as Ashswagg framed them for destroying all the farms. They realise Ash isn't going to stop until either Spoke gives Ash the exploits (Impossible), Mapicc is dead, or Spoke's armor breaks which is his last armor given by 
JamatoP
 his 
illegal armor
. They realise Jepexx is not going to be at his home because thy orbital striked it, and his other base got blown up. They see an invisible player watching them from the distance. They start scheming a plan to kill the mafia member and they attack only to find out it was 
PlanetLord
. Planet says he isn't apart of the mafia and is watching them. Planet explains that 
they
 (here Planet thinks its Spoke and Mapicc) blew up Planet's flower farm. Spoke and Mapicc says they couldn't have blown it up. Mapicc asks Spoke on whether to recruit PlanetLord. Spoke and Mapicc form a plan to recruit Planet. Spoke apologizes for destroying his vaults but they were duped items. Spoke requests Planet for help; and explains they're currently being attacked by "
A
" and Planet says is this A person evil. They said that A blew up the farm. They ask Planet to whether he wants to join their team and Planet agrees. They find a Curse of Binding book and they trade 12 emeralds and a book for a Curse of Binding book. They trick Planet into wearing a Curse of Binding turtle shell. Although it does look like he's wearing a swimming cap.

They decide they're going to recruit Squiddo next but before they could even get out, they're ambushed by a 
Diamond-Trimmed
 Player. The trimmed player shoots Planet with a spectral arrow making Planet glow. Hundreds of Mafia members storm and they start mining in an attempt to escape but they then try elytra'ing out but fail due to the lack of resources and they run of one of the coordinates Minute gave to them. Planet doesn't have a chestplate nor a helmet. They try going through a nether portal but the invis players break it before they could go through. Mapicc gave Planet his armour in an attempt to save Planet. They realise they're focusing Planet because he was shot by the trimmed player. They realise they have to walk another 1000 blocks. They make it to the trap and pull it causing only 1 to keep pursuit. Spoke tells them to try and find a water cave and escape. They'll meet up later. They hide in a lava pool but eventually are caught. Planet escapes but Mapicc and Spoke are unable to. They eventually escape and meet up inside a desert temple. They mine away in the nether, They meet up at 
Wemmbu's
 bunker. Spoke asks Planet if he still had connections with 
Roshambogames
 and 
Leow0ok
 but Planet replies with kinda. Spoke asks Planet if he has more connections as Spoke is hated by over half the server. Planet says he's going to recruit a surprise member and leaves. Spoke thinks are there any other players other than Squiddo? Spoke thinks the 
ParrotX2
 group of 
Derapchu
 and 
JumperWho
 but immediately rejects it as they tried to kill Mapicc. Spoke also thinks about recruiting 
ManePear
. He does a flashback on what happened in 
I Bankrupted Minecraft's Richest Civilization
 where they distracted Mane. Spoke lures Mane over to the Ice Castle. Spoke gives Mane a proposition to join their team. Mane asks Spoke on why he needs the team and Spoke replies with that he is currently getting hunted by thousands of invisible players and that's the reason why they need Mane's help. Mane thinks they're trolling and doesn't believe them. Spoke decides to show Mane what the invisible players did to his house and the battlefield. Spoke asks Mane if he believes them but Mane asks them if he could pot up and attack them. Mane distracts them and he pots up. They threaten to kill "Cedric" if Mane doesn't stop attacking them and Mane stops instantaneously begging them not to. But Mane then faked it out and he keeps attacking them. They banana-cart Mane popping one of his totems. They run away. Spoke tells Mapicc to meet up at the Squiddo portal with sheep. Mane breaks the portal before they could get through. They try again and this time they get through and escape.  

They are then ambushed by 
a Diamond-Trimmed
 and 
a Gold-Trimmed Player
. They head towards one of Minute's traps. They use the leather boots that Minute gave them to stand on the powdered snow while the trimmed players fell into the trap. They decide to go recruit Squiddo. Squiddo says Spoke and Mapicc blew up her farms but Spoke and Mapicc said they got framed by the mafia. Squiddo says she's going to think about it; while she's thinking, Spoke and Mapicc rummage through her barrels searching for valuables. Spoke says anytime they try to prove of the invisible player's existence, they don't show up. Spoke says Squiddo has to believe they didn't do it and if Squiddo wants to get revenge for the destruction of her farms, she has to join them. She says she doesn't trust them anymore. Spoke and Mapicc says to try thinking again and almost drowns her. She thinks they decimated her house and was not natural events. Spoke tries to persuade her again by telling her even though she isn't good at combat, but she's good at building. They're interrupted by the same diamond-trimmed player approaching them. Spoke says for Squiddo to elytra out but she doesn't have neither an elytra nor firework rockets so Mapicc gave his elytra and firework rockets to Squiddo. Squiddo shows up and drops a spare elytra for Mapicc. Spoke and Mapicc try engaging the diamond-trimmed player but he shoots a black firework rocket and they ran away. They decide they're going to meet up with Minute again. They decide they're going to send the coordinates to Planet and Squiddo and they're hoping Minute assembled a god team consisting of 
ClownPierce
, 
FlameFrags
 and even convinced ManePear.

They decide to regear; while they're regearing, a Gold-Trimmed player ambushes them with a lot of wolves. They decide to run as more untrimmed players show up. They run towards a railway and run. Spoke and Mapicc run and dig into a wall but are caught by a gold-trimmed player. Spoke runs down into the cave but Mapicc is nowhere to be seen. Spoke meets Minute there. Minute asks Spoke on the fact that he recruited any players. Spoke says he recruited 2 players and Minute asks can they fight. Spoke says they can hit a Mafia player with a sword. Planet, 
Baconnwaffles0
, and Squiddo were the new recruits. Spoke says they look better than they look. Spoke says they were looking for more players and not skill! Minute asks Bacon on how many fights he has been in and Bacon says "I've lost count". Spoke says Squiddo is an awesome builder and has lots of contacts. Squiddo says she's been fighting the great Spider war. Spoke asks Minute on the fact whether he has gear for them. They take Minute's gear. Minute leads Spoke to a person who might have information on Mapicc's whereabouts. Spoke reveals his plan on how to take down the mafia. Spoke reveals that Ashswagg was after him because of Spoke's knowledge of exploits. Spoke says they might have to use the exploits to beat the mafia. Minute says he's not an exploiter. They hear mining noises and Minute instructs them to crouch to hide their nametags. Bacon runs away. They find a untrimmed 
player
 that Minute ruthlessly murders. They try to stop Minute from killing him but eventually fail. Minute says they have to get out of there. Planet said Minute killed a little kid and that's mean. Minute says this is for their safety. Spoke says he mentioned the existence of an outpost. Spoke says he wants to show up at the front door as that's the most likely location of Mapicc's whereabouts. Spoke is convinced Mapicc is at the outpost. Spoke asked Squiddo if she ever built an outpost for Ash but Squiddo said no but Ash gave her a pair of coordinates a while back. Minute seems increasingly more concerned as that means she had worked with Ashswagg before. Minute says this is a trap. Spoke thinks they should go there. Eventually Spoke and Planet convince Minute that they should go there. Spoke asks if Squiddo has the coordinates on her but she doesn't so they go back to her castle. They notice a diamond-trimmed player and Minute says for them to run as they have a mace. They run before they even engage. Minute says there's multiple although Spoke so far, has only seen one-at-a-time. Spoke asks Minute to drop him fireworks due to his depleting resources. They fly over to Squiddo's castle. They notice an army on the ground that's firing on them and pursuing them. They fly over the 
remains of The Zam Empire
. They leave while Minute and Spoke hold them off. Minute says Spoke should escape while he escapes. Spoke flies over the mafia's spawn prison. Spoke recircles over the remains of the Zam Empire. Spoke escapes by digging into the sandstone. Spoke messages Minute his coords and Minute regears him up. 

They meet up with Planet and Squiddo at Squiddos' castle. The coordinates were not on a paper or book but instead it was attached to a ocelot. 49984.36, 63.49, 49962.91.  Minute says that is a trap but they have no other choice. Minute says they have to spring the trap and have to persevere through it. Squiddo says she cannot follow them because she has to build for an anonymous person. Squiddo says they go investigate the coordinates and she'll go to her building operation and try to gain intel on the enemy. Minute asks Spoke to talk outside. Minute says he doesn't trust neither Planet nor Squiddo. Spoke says Planet is trustworthy and Squiddo is nice. Spoke says this is a trap but Squiddo is not in on it. Minute says whatever happens, don't do anything without telling him. Minute promises to get Mapicc back. Spoke takes some ender chests and totems from Squiddo in exchange for granite, andesite, and diorite. They travel 25,000 blocks to get there. Planet, Minute and Spoke decide to go to the coordinates which turned out to be a trap; Squiddo had betrayed. They got jumped by dozens diamond-trimmed players. Minute says for Spoke and Planet to escape while Minute fended them off. Due to this, Spoke and Planet escape. They realise they're the only ones left; Mapicc got captured; Minute probably got captured and Squiddo betrayed. Spoke also has no other options than to exploit. Spoke cannot give Ash the exploits because that'll end the server. Spoke also reveals that the exploits were bigger than duping. He also could've avoided this if Spoke didn't exploit in 
The Exploit Arc
. They roam around the server. Planet thinks Spoke is the only one who knew about it but Spoke says there was another 
player
 who taught him the exploits but he also warned Spoke to not use the exploits. Planet says they need to stop Ash but they really have to plans.

Spoke decides to start exploiting again even though Minute was against it. He schemes on getting stacked totems, bedrock, command blocks, and duping enchanted golden apples to defeat the mafia. Planet reluctantly agrees even though it is against his morals. Spoke says they'll begin with duplicating enchanted golden apples. They fly past a wonder and he told Planet he used to exploit under the wonders. They go to 
JamatoP's
 base which is now blown up. Spoke watches his old 
video
 on how to duplicate. He tries it himself only to find out the exploit was patched. Ash shows up mocking them for just finding out the exploits don't work anymore. Ash says Jamato showed him every exploit to find out that every exploit had been patched. The exploits and Spoke's worth to Ash was gone. Ash calls Planet "a little cotton ball". Ash reveals that Minute had joined the Mafia. Minute says he couldn't win the fight and therefore he was forced to join the mafia. Ash instructs Minute to kill them. Minute goes invisible and equips a diamond-trimmed chestplate and starts attacking them. They escape. Spoke says he's going to go as far as he can and go to the 
Far Lands
 and go into exile just like Jamato. Planet says Spoke should try finding Jamato. 

Spoke goes to a stronghold where he finds one of his stash of exploited mobs. There, he finds a mob with coordinates on it. He goes to the coordinates to find Jamato's second base. Although it was uninhabited, Spoke finds Jamato's will. He finds out Jamato is either dead or captured.

Thumbnail

Like Parrot's 
I Got Hunted by Minecraft's Deadliest Players
 thumbnail, it uses rule of 3 as 
Spoke
 (left, looking at camera) is hiding behind a brick wall that is taking exactly a third of the screen. Three invisible players, all equipped in full netherite (right) seems to be trying to find Spoke, as they are looking in different directions.