kicking me out
— FlameFrags

I Got Banished from a Hardcore Minecraft Server
 is the 89th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

Flame
 heads to 
Capital City
 but is greeted by everybody hitting and surrounding him. He wonders why, and a person speaks up and says they heard all about his fight with 
The Law
 and that he's not allowed to step foot inside of Capital City. Although Flame was only there to trade, they see him as a bad person and force him to leave Capital City, exiling him from coming back. Flame threatens to fight, but his armor is quickly broken by the crowd, and he is forced to run.

Flame returns to his base to restock, and 
Luke4472
 comes to his base. He tells Flame that The Law told everyone to stay away from him and tells him about a meeting at the Northern Council. Tens of thousands of players were invited, with Flame being the only one not getting one since he's blacklisted, so he goes to the meeting secretly. Once he gets close enough to the meeting area, he goes invisible and pearls onto a statue to listen in. 
LettuceK
 begins his announcement; he talks about how 
Wemmbu
 and Flame have terrorized the server for years and that they need to figure out a way to stop them and any other threats in the future. He proposes that the server have a ruler that serves justice to anyone who tries to harm the server. He allows the people to vote for whoever should be the ruler and who should run. Before he lets the people choose, he explains why he would be the best king of Unstable by bringing out Wemmbu, who has nothing and is being walked down by guards. Lettuce says if he is elected king, his first act would be to execute Wemmbu off the server. He mentions how Flame is being monitored at all times and will be brought to justice as well.

Flame heads back to his base to clean up from his last fight when all of a sudden a player with Netherite armor runs towards him, already potted up, and begins to attack him. He tells Flame he was hired by B.A.T., who's now working with The Law to kill him. They start to fight; Flame quickly breaks the assassin's armor and kills him shortly after. Flame needed resources to restock and for traps, but going anywhere near spawn would be too dangerous for him, so he calls one of his last remaining friends left, 
Lomedy
, to help him. When they meet up in front of 
Merchant City
, Lomedy's demeanor has changed. He thought Flame's intentions were good and that players looked up to him, but he sees Flame as a liar now. Lomedy agrees to help Flame out but tells him he won't help him ever again. After a long time, Lomedy doesn't return, so Flame goes into Merchant City to investigate. The entire city has turned into a ghost town, with nobody to be seen. Flame sees players inside of the circus in the middle of the plaza, and he sees Lettuce and a dozen Law members inside holding Lomedy hostage. Lettuce tells him they're either going to capture or kill him, so it's best if he leaves. Flame says to let Lomedy leave and that he's innocent, but Lettuce doesn't believe it. He says the only chance Lomedy has to live is if Flame leaves now, and as soon as Lettuce is about to use his mace on Lomedy, Flame pearls in and splashes Lomedy with invis. Lomedy is able to escape, leaving Flame to deal with the lawmen. They manage to drain Flame's resources and even break some of his armor pieces, which causes him to hide and flee from the fight.

Flame heads back to his base again, where he told Lomedy to meet back up, and he asks for the trap materials. Lomedy says Flame is a problem and that he's the reason why they've been put in this situation in the first place. Flame says he saved Lomedy's life, but Lomedy says that doesn't fix anything. Flame tells Lomedy he doesn't enjoy killing; he wants to keep his title of the strongest player rather than submitting to them and being a nobody. Lomedy says Flame is too far gone and to not drag him down with his title before giving the materials. Flame sets up a few traps and another machine that teleports hundreds of dogs; once he's done, with nothing else to do, he waits for Lettuce and his lawmen to show up. When they come, they immediately start to attack Flame, and he uses his dripstone trap, which kills a lot early on. Flame kills off the rest of the players easily, due to the fact that they were only in diamond armor, leaving Lettuce the only one alive. They run into a cave, where Lettuce tries to lure Flame inside, but Flame thinks it's a trap and doesn't follow. He only goes in once he restocks his inventory; he attacks Lettuce, and they drop down into another part of the cave, where Lettuce blows his horn, revealing his actual army of full Netherite players that begin to attack Flame. Even with the skills Flame has, he doesn't know what to do with the dozens of Netherite players fighting him all at once. He sets off his dog machine, which doesn't have much of an effect on the fight but does kill 2 players. Flame tries to fight the assassins off but can only get 2 kills due to the assassins constantly splashing weakness potions. 21 die due to wardens, while the rest drain Flame of his resources. Flame ends up running away and digging into a cave to escape. Lettuce speaks up, knowing Flame couldn't have gone far. He admits he can't beat Flame through skill, so he beats him through strategy. He says how all the previous empires on the server had one flaw: they thought they could rule with power, while Lettuce used strategy. He says Flame followed all of those civilizations around like a dog while he learned, and he would use his influence for the better. He tells Flame to stay in that hole or to get lost since he's not needed anymore.

This marks Flame's second loss in a short amount of time; he tried to return back to his base, but lawmen were already there. Flame had no other choice but to accept that he was exiled, and so he gets on his horse and heads off into the distance. However, Flame doesn't care that he lost his base and his gear; he cares about what happened to his name. To fix his reputation, he vows to not return from exile until he is stronger and masters Minecraft combat.

Trivia

As of April 11th, 2026, there are four variations of the video's title

The original was "I Got Exiled from the Unstable SMP".

The second was "I Got Exiled from the World's Largest Minecraft Server".

The third was "I Got Banished from the World's Largest Minecraft Server".

As of now, the fourth and current one is "I Got Banished from a Hardcore Minecraft Server".