ItzRealMe
 is undisputedly the #1 ranked Minecraft player in the entire world. And he wants me dead... This is How I Got Hunted by the World's Best Minecraft Player.
— 
ParrotX2

I Got Hunted by the World's Best Minecraft Player
 is the 29th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

Upon exit of his house, 
Parrot
 finds a player named 
ItzRealMe
, the #1 best Minecraft Player in the world at PVP, who immediately attacks him. Parrot attempts to flee to an escape route, but finds it has been blocked up. However, the bounty hunters 
Leowook
, 
JumperWho
, 
Nufuli
, and 
Derapchu
 arrive with intent to kill Itz, though manage to escape by throwing a turtle master potion on him. The five flee to the nether, but when Parrot attempts to part ways, Leo tells him to come along back to their base, 
BAT Headquarters
—shaped like an infinity symbol and housing over thirty members—where they tell him it’s best to stay with them for now because if Itz is trying to kill Parrot, it’s likely he’ll chase him down, and BAT can kill Itz when he comes. Using automated chicken blasters, Parrot and Leo return to the former’s base to collect his remaining belongings. However, after finding that a chest beneath a tree now has one more dirt block than it did before, Parrot gets paranoid and leads Leo to the back of the house, explaining in voiceover that the pressure plate which opens his main door is connected to said chest, dropping another block in every time someone enters. If the infiltrant were to enter and exit, two blocks would be dropped, but since there is only one, it means someone is still inside. Looking through the back window, they do in fact find Itz stalking the front door. No longer caring about the items, Parrot and Leo leave. Since Itz is patient and likely won’t move, they devise a plan to build an enclosure around the house. 

In the meantime, Nufuli shows Parrot to his room "A5", a two story master suite. He also explains that each of Leo’s close friends run their own team inside of BAT Headquarters. Jumper leads a spy team that keeps tabs on everything on the server. Derapchu’s team is “not worth explaining.” Nufuli himself is Leo’s right hand man, responsible for combat and base-related tasks.

After ensuring that Nufuli won’t tell Leo about this question, Parrot asks for the room number of the lead builder who will be overseeing the enclosure—C1. After Nufuli leaves, Parrot immediately gets to work on sending a private message to the builder, asking for suspended wall height to accommodate sand walls. Upon arrival at the trap, Parrot is pleased at the changes that have been made, and thus the group—Leo’s team as well as five additional invisible players—enter. They taunt Itz, and begin fighting. The sand walls then activate, and Parrot explains that he understood ten players would still not be enough to kill Itz, so he decided to shrink the playing field so that Itz cannot isolate any player or get away for long enough to restock. However, after Itz manages to mace five players, killing them, Parrot realizes that the tables have turned. No matter how many times they break his armor, he seems to replace them without needing a shulker. After returning to BAT Headquarters, Leo gets mad at Parrot for interfering with his plans, and that he should’ve said something because they are a team. Right before Parrot leaves to his room, Leo places him on house arrest, and under no circumstance will he do anything without first alerting someone, but Parrot disagrees by saying that he works alone.

He then leaves the base in the middle of the night with intent to do recon on Itz, only to be stopped by Leo who catches him in the chicken blaster room, and sternly says he shouldn’t be doing it alone, and the only reason he enforced communication is because they’re meant to be a team. After failing to convince Parrot to stay, Leo ends up coming with him. When asked what he’s going to do, Leo says he won’t intervene, but he will keep Parrot safe and help if help is required. Parrot coldly dismisses the latter, to which Leo mutters that “this isn’t how a team should work.” Upon being asked more questions, Parrot gets annoyed, and explains that during the prison building process, Parrot got one of Jumper’s lackeys to leave a fake postage box in the prison in hopes of Itz finding and picking it up, as it contains a fake set of coordinates and a map that Parrot can use to track him. However, as they near Itz’ location, his icon disappears, which means that he must know they’re here. After going fully invisible, Parrot and Leo spot an unfamiliar player named 
DylPickleYT
 on the shore and begin following them, discovering that he knows Itz and insists on being trained by him. Though Itz declines over and over, Dyl then says he has valuable information in exchange, thus pointing out Parrot and Leo who are spying on them. Parrot decides to fight and tells Leo not to get involved, not even taking the potions offered, but Leo begins helping anyway, knowing that Parrot will die otherwise. They begin using TNT minecarts to deal damage on Itz, popping two of his totems and forcing him to switch to mace attacks. At that, Parrot and Leo leave.

Upon a moment of reflection, Leo asks Parrot why he always wants to be alone, and Parrot, who asks if it seems like he’s trying to be, explains that after the war, two of his best friends were killed, and that he doesn’t want to put himself through that again. Leo understands, but he says having a team is better because when you’re part of one, you always have someone to watch your back and will help no matter what. He apologizes for getting mad about the sand trip, and extends Parrot an invitation to permanently stay at BAT Headquarters and work with the people there. However, Parrot grows hostile and says that the only reason they’re working together is for the common goal of killing Itz. Leo concedes and says that the offer will always stand. They return to headquarters where Parrot, once in his room, mutters about them thinking he’s stupid, and blames them for getting caught in the first place. However, his mailbox begins ringing. Instead of taking the message, he breaks the note block.

The next day, he receives mining fatigue, and discovers further that everybody is gone and Itz has arrived. With no way out, Parrot blocks the door to his suite and hides under the stairs, begging for help. Then he begins mining through the suite wall, hoping to reach the one beside it. Each suite is connected, so if he is able to break through enough of them, he will reach the airlock and be able to escape. He eventually reach the airlock, but just as he begins to mine out, Itz catches him. Knowing that his diamond pickaxe wouldn’t be able to mine faster than Itz’ netherite one, Parrot resigns, only to be saved by Leo and his team, who fly back and explode the airlock. Itz leaves. Leo then explains that they found Parrot through Jumper’s intelligence team. Overwhelmed by gratitude, Parrot apologizes for going behind their backs, and genuinely thanks everyone at BAT. Leo then welcomes him into the team.

While in his room, Parrot hears someone cough, and finds Itz standing above him. He quickly pulls the emergency button, but Itz tells him to relax by saying that since Parrot has a team now, it’s too much trouble to try and kill him. Parrot asks why he’s here and Itz explains that the reason he tried to kill him was because 
The Director
 told him to. He won’t try to kill Parrot anymore, but he does alert him that more people will be coming with the same intent, and tells him to run while he still can. Nufuli arrives right after Itz leaves, asking what happened, but Parrot lies and says he just accidentally clicked it, not fully trusting the team yet.

Trivia

This video has the first reference to 'the zone' as mentioned in Flame's 
I Got Trained By the World's Best Minecraft Player
. When the prison was built around Itz, Itz says that he was meditating, which is one of the steps to enter the zone.

Gallery