The Mafia
 has terrorized our server for weeks. However. after finding their secret base, we knew there was only one way to save our friends. This is how we infiltrated the Minecraft Mafia…
— 
Spoke

I Infiltrated The Minecraft Mafia
 is the 22nd episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.  

Plot

The episode opens with 
SpokeIsHere
 and 
PlanetLord
 searching for the base of 
The Invisible Mafia
 using a mysterious compass left by 
JamatoP
 in his base. When the compass finally turned during the duo’s journey on their elytras, they discovered an ominous castle, finding members of the The Invisible Mafia within and leaving the castle. After burrowing into the fortress walls and ceiling, they spotted 3 invisible players, and took the chance to drop dripstone from the ceiling. The dripstone killed a member and popped another’s totem, which is then revealed to be the missing player 
Leow0ok
. The third player then escaped from the scene by flying out of the castle from the ceiling. After Leow0ok’s invisibility was disabled, he burrowed into a nearby pillar, while Spoke and Planet landed down on the ground to investigate.

After searching around the pillar, Leow0ok then revealed himself to the duo, and explained that he was infiltrating the Mafia to kill 
ClownPierce
. Before they could leave the castle, TNT minecarts were triggered to blow up, and the entire building was obliterated. After barely escaping the structure, a Golden Trim player then led Spoke, Planet and Leow0ok to the 
Mafia City
, where they entered and blended in with the other members.

After a visit to a factory mass producing invisibility potions, Leow0ok then mentioned to Spoke and Planet to hold out a specific item to represent themselves, with Spoke holding out his Bucket of Salmon (later referred to as ‘Fish Bucket’ by 
Ashswagg
) and Planet holding out a tipped arrow. The trio then gaslighted an untrimmed player, saying that Gold Trimmed players were requiring him to fly to a remote location (Coordinates: [x] -1500, [y], [z] 4000). After the player leaving, a Diamond Trimmed player was spotted up on a roof of a house, looking down at the trio, and soon disappearing after they had turned a corner.

The trio then made their way to the prison of Mafia City, hoping to find and rescue 
Mapicc
. At the entrance of the prison, a Gold Trimmed player was standing guard, and after being refused entry to the prison, Planet then took out a golden chestplate, and was almost killed by the Gold Trimmed player. Suddenly, the Diamond Trimmed player appeared behind the trio, and had a long stand off with the Gold Trimmed player, resulting in the Gold player flying off. The trio then entered the prison, where they found multiple other prisoners like 
Lifesteal Admin
, who then jumped into lava, and was banned off the server. After searching for a while, the trio then spotted the cell where Mapicc was held.

After some discussion, 
PlanetLord
 decided to give his Netherite Armour to Mapicc, and using invisibility to sneak out of the prison. The new trio (Spoke, Leow0ok and Mapicc) then left the prison, and made sure that PlanetLord was safe and out of Mafia City.

Leow0ok then explained how the Mafia ranking works, collecting ‘Upgrade Tokens’ by completing missions, and receiving trims (Trims includes: Copper, Iron, Gold, Diamond) for every three tokens they collect. The trio then flew to a manmade lake inside the Mafia City, where a Gold Trimmed player hands out missions (book and quill) to the members. Their first mission was to survive a raid with iron armour and tools, and after a somewhat struggling fight, they finally defeated the mobs and received a Upgrade Token.

After returning to Mafia City, the Diamond Trimmed player was again spotted overlooking the trio. They then hurried to receive their next mission from the Gold Trimmed Player at the lake, and the mission was revealed to be an assassination of 
ParrotX2
. After following the Gold Trimmed player for a while, they spotted Parrot, 
Wifies
 and 
deanthebean9
. A chase began, and it was revealed that Spoke and Mapicc were The Invisible Mafia members who chased Parrot in his 
adventure to the Far Lands
.

After a long chase, they were unsuccessful at killing Parrot. The Gold Trimmed player quickly gave the Upgrade Tokens to Spoke and Mapicc, and was panicking. After a while, Ashswagg showed up and killed the Golden Trim player for failure at the task. Spoke and Mapicc quickly sneaked away after seeing the punishment of their ‘leader’.

They run away. They are then tasked with guarding a vault. 
ManePear
 and 
Wemmbu
 start trying to break into the vault and succeed.

The team is now tasked to get diamonds. Leow0ok (Sword) helps them cheat by giving them some of his wealth, being lots of diamond blocks. The gold player, after seeing the results, tells them to wait there and flies away. Ashswagg soon shows up. He promotes them to copper tier. They are then tasked with killing 
Baconnwaffles0
 for a mission. Bacon says they are betraying the mafia in chat, so they destroy his base. They go over to 
Reddoons
 at 
Capital City
 to complete a trade.

The team is given the task of getting an elytra. Spoke asks Wemmbu if he can give him any elytra since Wemmbu took all the elytras near and far out into the End. Wemmbu sais he gave them to PrinceZam. They are able to find nine elytra in the Zam empire. Wemmbu finds a mafia member following them and starts killing them, but realizes it's 
eggchan
 after he pops his totem.

They are promoted to iron after giving ashswagg the elytras. They are then tasked with building redstone machines. They sabotage the other mafia member's plots and win.

They are tasked with killing PlanetLord, but don't kill him. Ashswagg talks to them. He orders ClownPierce to kill the members one by one until whoever let PlanetLord go steps up. Spoke (As Fish Bucket) steps up and says he did it once Mapicc was about to be killed next. They are dismissed.

Spoke is tasked with killing 
IMajesticRose
 by Ashswagg to prove that he can kill. He obliges and kills her with dripstone to avoid his name showing in chat. Ashswagg tells Spoke that to become a diamond player, he will have to fight a diamond player that ashswagg assigns to him. In a sentimental place of the diamond player’s choice. He would have to kill the diamond player alone, or the diamond player would kill him. His name would have to pop up in chat.

Spoke runs away after that back to his house, and starts cleaning it from past griefers, not knowing what to do about his name popping up in chat if he kills the diamond player, or if he can even survive. Mapicc, Leo, and Planet soon arrive and they start talking and supporting Spoke. Him and the team come up with a plan to kill Ashswagg. He goes back to Ashswagg’s castle and gives Ash a book and quill. Ash gives Spoke another book and quill to where they would fight. He fights a diamond player to try to become diamond. Spoke’s totem of undying is used, revealing to ashswagg that he is Spoke. Ashswagg tries to teleport Spoke in the void, but then realizes that he did not set a stasis, so he couldn’t. He throws his fishing rod on the ground seeing that it’s useless in this scenario. They talk for a bit then Ashswagg orders the diamond player to kill them. The diamond player pots strength and tries to kill Ashswagg. The rest join in. But before they could get a second hit on him, he teleports away using a stasis chamber. The diamond player reveals he's 
MinuteTech
. MinuteTech tells them to run. They fly away.

They land nearby later and start talking. Leo gives Spoke Ashswagg’s fishing rod. Spoke realizes that it was a Unbreaking 1 fishing rod that whole time. They talk more.

Trivia

In various sections of the video, the health bar switches from hardcore hearts to regular hearts.