On the Unstable SMP: The World's Biggest Hardcore Minecraft Server, I own one of the biggest bases to ever exist.
— 
FlameFrags

I Joined the Minecraft LAW
 is the 120th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

FlameFrags
 has one of the greatest bases on the Unstable SMP. However, the base was built by 
The Law
, and a group of lawmen come to claim back the base due to using too many resources on the base without permission and begin breaking down the base. Flame asks if he can do anything to keep his base and the commander tells him there's one thing in mind. Flame and 
Lomedy
 head over to the Law HQ and talk to the other commander who tells them they're in great debt for the mega base that was built for free for the next hundred days. Flame tries to give the commander netherite to pay off that debt, but the commander says Flame has more value than resources due to his skills. The Law hires Flame to be an elite and is given a squad to work alongside him, Flame picks Lomedy as his first squad member and heads outside to hire three more players. He hires two people with ease, but everyone else ignores Flame. With no hope, Flame says he'd take anyone at that point, 
Spongs
 then comes running up and admits that he's also poor and says they could work together again. The squad heads back to the commander, the commander gives Flame a horn to blow that signals him to be able to give instructions. The commander gives them their first task, which is to transport two happy ghasts to 
Capitol City
.

They go on for days on the happy ghasts and on day 9, Flame spots a player following them on a happy ghast from a distance. They stop for a second to see who it is, Flame realizes that it's players apart of the 
arachn1d_
 group and tries to ride away as fast as possible. Flame and his squad stop, allowing Lomedy to switch happy ghasts and give him a bow and arrow to shoot them down. One of the squad members, 
Gunter_____
, rides forward where there's more arachn1d minions waiting for them. Gunter decides to jump down, Spongs wants to leave him behind, but Flame has to save Gunter as a Law elite, otherwise he gets fired and loses his base. He asks for Lomedy's mace and jumps down to assist Gunter in the fight. Flame kills them all and afterwards tells Gunter to tap in when he blows his horn. After a few more days, they deliver the shipment and make it back to Law HQ. The commander gives them their next mission, which is a rescue mission of a Law compound and to save any scouts if there are any. The compound is located the 
Northern Council
, Flame asks why the commander couldn't have told them that before since they were just at Capital City, and so it takes another eight days to walk there. 

They reach the front of the compound, Flame tells them they should scout it out first with invis, but their cover was blown almost instantly. A fight begins and Flame sees one of the scouts being interrogated by an elite arachn1d guard. Unfortunately for Flame, Gunter and his other squad member, 
JakeVC42_
, dies and causes Flame, Lomedy, and Spongs to all retreat. The arachn1d group is afraid to chase them to the top of the castle, and after a day of waiting up there, Flame has the idea to use TNT minecarts and have Spongs and Lomedy shoot them and detonate them. The plan works, but the hostage was still being held captive by the elite guard who threatens to kill them if Flame tried anything. They all go back up on top of the castle and wait for another few days. Flame tells Spongs and Lomedy to wait on top of the castle. Flame jumps down and starts a bow duel with the guard, his plan is to get rid of the guard's totem and kill him then. Flame places blocks to cover line of sight and strategizes by shooting the guard with a spectral arrow, distracting them, going invis and digging down under with a shovel and TNT minecart-ing, killing him in an instant. Flame manages to save the scout and they head back to Law HQ. The commander sees that Flame lost a few team members, which sets them back a bit. The commander gives them a more simpler task, just help out The Law by recruiting new members and to not slip up. 

On day 55, they find a group of players and he tries to convince them to join, but they don't trust him due to his reputation of killing over a thousand players twice. Spongs gives Flame the idea of using a voice changer and invis, which does work on another group of players. Flame's invis runs out without him realizing, and the players all back up once they see Flame's true identity. On day 64, they decide to explore and find a way to help out The Law. They stumble across a player that's on a reverse landmine, if they step off the pressure plate, TNT would explode beneath their feet. Spongs gets Lomedy to switch positions with the player, but that did nothing. Spongs has another idea by having all three of them towering up and put a fishing rod on them, which would launch them up in the air. The player goes flying up in the air, the TNT blows up, and the player blows up when they fall back down. They start boating around, Flame admits that they didn't need to kill the player and that they could've saved them by throwing an item on top of the wooden pressure plate. They then stumble across two players who were arguing about who found the island that they were both living on first. Flame sees that their render distances didn't let them see more than twenty blocks, so he gets them to follow him to actual land, where the argument is then solved. On day 78, they went back to the Law compound and built graves for their fallen team members. 

On day 84, they make it back to the Law HQ and is put on wall duty. After a few days, Flame goes back to his base to regear. The commander over at Law HQ comes to his base and gives them their hardest mission yet, to escort a player back to Wheat Civilization. He tells them that arachn1d attacked them over at Law HQ and was saved, but now needs to be brought home. The commander says they usually don't escort players, but they made a deal with the leader of the Wheat Civilization and they want him back safe and sound. Lastly, the commander reminds them that to be a lawman, you are willing to sacrifice yourself for others in the name of justice. Flame asks the player to lead them to his base and they begin their journey. When they get closer to the civilization, they see arachn1d's group surrounding the area and needs to get through safely. Spongs notices a group of arachn1d's soldiers coming from behind, arachn1d is there with them and he tells Flame that he shouldn't have killed his soldiers. Flame sees Spongs getting chased by the group and instructs Lomedy to keep escorting the player while he saves Spongs. Flame gets the group to shift their focus onto him and gives Spongs the opportunity to follow Lomedy. Flame then lures arachn1d and his group into a cave, he digs a small hole, arachn1d tells his soldiers to all jump down. Flame then pearls up and drops a cart on them and kills a majority of the soldiers. Flame kills off the rest of the soldiers, leaving just arachn1d and him. Flame asks why he's being hunted, arachn1d says that it's his fault, and Flame doesn't understand what he means. Arachn1d explains 
Parrot
 beat him in the election, and since Parrot robbed him of his chance, he wants to make a kingdom of his own and is planning on killing him. Arach1nd says people like Flame is a threat to his kingdom and says he won't hesitate to kill Flame unless he joins the kingdom. He then asks Flame to teach him how to fight and he'll make Flame more powerful than anybody else. Flame says he doesn't really care if he takes over the server and is only focused on becoming a combat grandmaster. 

Flame makes it to the front of Wheat Civilization, Spongs says the player died, but Lomedy reveals he's joking and they lets the player go back home. Flame goes back to Law HQ and gives the commander the journal he used to write down his progress. He asks if that's all he needs to do since it's closing in on day 100, but the commander tells Flame that many lawmen aren't allowed to see a certain someone, being 
LettuceK
. He doesn't trust the soldiers to visit Lettuce in prison and expect them to not free him, so he needs somebody trustworthy. Flame visits the prison and Lettuce says he doesn't want Flame there and asks why he's there. Flame says he was checking to see if he's still alive and begins to head off, but Lettuce stops him and asks what's been going outside of the prison. Flame explains he's changed the way he's been playing and that his goal is to become a combat grandmaster. Lettuce asks if The Law is still a thing and Flame says they actually sent him there. Lettuce says Flame may be lying about The Law sending him, but for his sake, he decides to believe Flame. With nothing else to talk about, Flame leaves and Lettuce tells him to look after The Law for him. It turns to day 100 as he walks up to the front of the Northern Council, and Flame had managed to keep his mega base.

Trivia

Flame said in the comments section that this video was delayed due to losing audio, re-recording, creative burnout and other reasons.

He also mentioned this video experimented more with his personality and PvP, but not all videos will be like this.

The video's original title was "I Survived 100 Days on a Hardcore Minecraft SMP".