the endless ocean
— Wemmbu

I Joined a PIRATE CIVILIZATION in Minecraft
 is the 97th episode featured in Unstable Universe.

Plot

After the events of the 
previous episode
, 
Jaden
 says that he knows 
Lettuce
 is hunting 
Wemmbu
 and offers him safety to help the 
Pirates
 fight off 
The Law
, since he also dislikes the idea of Unstable having a king. Wemmbu agrees to the deal, bringing 
eggchan
 along, Jaden asks for the riptide tridents that the lawmen dropped before heading off to Pirate City. Jaden tells them to gear up in the market while he talks to his scouts, and so Wemmbu and egg go off and explore the market. However, the merchants there didn't sell supplies for battle, egg gets scammed over water breathing potions, then they head to Jaden's meeting room, he tells them that The Law had started making an outpost at the start of the Great Sea and are shipping redstone materials, planning on making a different version of the Orbital Strike Cannon that is way more powerful and destructive. The cannon needs all the discs for the encoder to tell it where to shoot, and luckily because of the mob cap, it's impossible to get any new discs and they aren't able to finish it, there are rumors of the Great Sea having a rare item collector with a full set of discs. Jaden wants Wemmbu and egg to find this person, Wemmbu asks why they can't just destroy the cannon themselves, Jaden says that The Law outnumbers them twenty to one.

The two head off and egg suggests they buy custom boats that have a few extra utilities to travel the 
Great Sea
, and so they buy a small custom boat with extra storage and an anchor, then they head out into the sea to explore while the other Pirates siege The Law. Three hours later, they have yet to find anything, egg suggests looking at the islands that Wemmbu explored from his 
previous adventure
, their first stop is at an island full of frog lovers. They ask the civilians if they know anything about a rare item collector, but none of them have any idea. Egg points out how they have slimeballs, which is a rare item due to the mob cap, and so they start threatening the frog people to know where they got the slimeballs from. While interrogating, a death message shows up with Lettuce's name, which means he was nearby, so Wemmbu and egg go hide. Wemmbu sees that Lettuce is alone and has the chance to assassinate him right then and there, so he uses the opportunity to jump Lettuce, however it backfires when he blows the horn and the lawmen invade the island. Wemmbu instructs egg to get to the boat and sail off, Wemmbu finds the leader of the island and have them point to the direction of where the rare item collector may be, he gets to the boat while the lawmen are swimming closer to them, but Lettuce tells them to let them go.

Back into the vast emptiness of the sea, they get stopped by a group of bandits who apparently have been looking for Wemmbu for over a year due to the "
tree incident
". They demand Wemmbu and egg to drop their items, while egg does so, Wemmbu doesn't and the bandits start shooting them with crossbows and Wemmbu fights back. Wemmbu then realizes that the leader of this group, DaFroDo, was from the old team of Pirates when Jaden and Wemmbu were still enemies and they robbed 
Wemmbu's civilization
. DaFroDo tries to boat off, but egg shoots his boat down and Wemmbu asks for clues on where they could get slimeballs from, and he tells them about a floating marketplace nearby. They take him hostage until they get to the marketplace, DaFroDo escapes while they were messing around, but they let him go since they already made it to the marketplace.

The marketplace appeared to be deserted until they find a tavern named The Floating Parrot that is booming with players. Wemmbu finds Jaden there, Wemmbu thought he was busy sieging The Law, but Jaden says that they needed to restock. Wemmbu and Jaden talk about their progress, Jaden says that they found the island that the cannon is being built, and Wemmbu has a lead on the rare item collector that lead to the marketplace, but it was closed so people could do other things on the server. Jaden tells them to hurry as the cannon could be finished soon, the marketplace opens as Wemmbu and egg leave. They find a player that sells slime, Wemmbu asks how much slime would cost, and the seller says a stack would cost both of their armor sets. Although they weren't there to buy slime, they ask who their supplier is and they refuse to tell because they would go out of business. They dangle the seller above a pit of lava to get answers out of the seller, which they say the seller comes invisible and doesn't know the name, and egg burns their supplies. While that is happening, Wemmbu spots an invisible player running around the marketplace and chases them. He tries to kill the invisible player to reveal their identity, but they riptide trident and escape, holding out a compass on accident while doing so. Wemmbu goes back to egg and lets the seller free, he tells egg that they can use a strategy that they've used 
before
, following the direction of a compass to figure out a location. Egg tries to calculate the direction they need to head, in the meantime The Law arrive at the marketplace and begins killing the people there, Jaden arrives soon after and helps fight off The Law while egg finishes his calculations. More lawmen show up as well as Lettuce, he charges up a railgun and sets it off, killing innocent players who were in its way. Lettuce and his other deputy The_Oroboros use debuff arrows to prevent Wemmbu from killing anyone, egg finally finishes his calculations and Jaden tells them to keep going while he fends The Law off. Lettuce is then shown splashing invisibility and taking off all his armor.

Back at sea, Wemmbu realizes how close the floor of the ocean is to the surface. They head into the ocean itself and use the water breathing potions from earlier to explore, Wemmbu finds a sculk sensored door that leads into a secret base. In the middle of the base is a huge tree, a person in full Netherite comes out, who is presumably the rare item collector, named "Ouroboroid". Wemmbu tells him to give up the music disc collection, he nods his head no, so Wemmbu gears up and attacks them. As the fight continues, the collector activates another sculk sensor door, opening another secret door that leads to another part of the base, this time only having a massive bridge and a waterfall. The collector uses experinece bottles to mend their armor, some experience orbs aren't picked up and Wemmbu uses it to mend his Elytra just a bit, which lets him Elytra mace again. Wemmbu breaks every piece of their armor besides the chestplate, they write a sign to chill and ask what Wemmbu wants, and he says he needs the music disc collection destroyed. The collector asks why it matters and Wemmbu explains how to him how The Law will take over the Great Sea if they get their hands on the discs, the collector says he doesn't want his home to be destroyed, so he agrees to help Wemmbu, he mentions that he also has more items in his stash and brings Wemmbu to it. He shows Wemmbu the chest with shulkers that have all of the music discs inside of them, some of them get taken out of the chest and Lettuce reveals himself, at the same time, the collector throws a wind charge to activate a self destruct button, but it was already too late. Wemmbu stalls Lettuce while the collector regears, planning on 2v1ing Lettuce to get rid of the discs, but Lettuce clearly knew what they were up to. Lettuce blows his horn and his Netherite lawmen come in and attack Wemmbu as Lettuce kills the collector. Wemmbu escapes the lawmen and gets out of the base and climbs the boat anchor that egg left after hearing an explosion. Lettuce comes up from the hole and tries to Elytra mace, but fails miserably, Wemmbu lands a mace hit and Lettuce flies away.

The last scene shows Lettuce returning back to the main island with 
Deputy_Ace
 and The_Oroboros, he says that they have everything needed to build the cannon now, but Deputy_Ace thinks blowing up all of the Pirate's builds and banning them isn't the greatest idea. Lettuce also admits it isn't the best idea, but the Pirates chose their side and forced them to do it for a needed sacrifice. He instructs Deputy_Ace to start charging the cannon possibly wiping out all of the Pirates in one attack, or Deputy might show more resentment and explode the cannon there and refuge to the pirate base.

Trivia

The other titles used was "I Joined a Pirate Minecraft Civilization" and "I Explored the Minecraft Great Sea"

This is one of the four thumbnails where Wemmbu's OptiFine cape can be shown, the other two being 
I Explored the Minecraft Farlands
 (with his Elytra being vibrant purple), 
I Explored a 100,000 Player Minecraft Server
, and 
Unstable SMP: After The Mafia