truly an unstable smp
— 
Wemmbu

I Joined a 100,000 Player Minecraft Server
 is the 116th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

Wemmbu
 is peacefully building his house when three players under 
Arachnid
's 
rule
 comes knocking at his door, calling him the true king and tries to force Wemmbu to join them in the caves, Wemmbu refuses and sends a stab shot directly at them and kills all three of them. After blowing up the players, Wemmbu runs out of froglights to build his house to build his house, so he goes out to a village that sells building blocks. He visits a store that sells tons of building blocks by exchanging gear from the previous war for it, while he waits, another faction arrived at the village. Wemmbu spots 
yungyx
 threatening to blow up the village if they don't give up their resources, steps up and tells him to leave by pulling his mace out. Yungy is intimidated and lets the village see another day. The leader of the village, FieldsOfElysium, thanks Wemmbu and explains how there used to be a guardian of the village who used to protect them, but quit a while ago. Fields says that the protector had left a mace in a hidden tomb of, that it's dangerous to find, and that they don't even know where it is. Wemmbu agrees to help find the mace, and Fields explains that the guardian told one other person the location of it, being LordSirWesley the Third. Wemmbu asks where he could find the player, and Fields says he goes around festivals near 
Merchant City
. Wemmbu says he'll go get the mace back, and that he'd keep it to himself, as maces are rare and Wemmbu doesn't want to give it up that easily.

Wemmbu flies to the festival and walks right in, spotting a player wearing netherite armor and sees that it is Wessley. He asks for the location of the mace, Wessley says he'd only tell Wemmbu if they have a 4v4. Wemmbu says he could do a 1v4, but Wessley wants an honorable fight, so Wemmbu goes around to look for combat masters. He flies back to his base and asks 
eggchan
 to help fight with him, egg says he's too busy studying, Wemmbu gives him a stab shot fishing rod, which convinces him to join. Wemmbu tells egg to go find 
Jaden_MAN
 and recruit him while he recruits one more person. Wemmbu goes back to the festival and recruits a random player, egg arrives shortly after with Jaden and they head into the arena. The host explains the rules: No elytras and no griefing or excessive attacks. Egg calls a timeout and gets shaken up by seeing 
TheG0dOfWar
 being on the enemy team. Wemmbu's random fighter digs out of the arena and leaves them with only three people, the host says they need to find a fourth in one minute, and some 
invisible player in full netherite
 jumps down from the crowd and asks to join. As the fight starts, Wemmbu tells his team to focus on Wessley, since popping the team leader's totems would immediately disqualify the entire team. Jaden manages to pop yungy's totem, disqualifying him. Wemmbu focuses on Wessley and breaks his helmet, popping his totem soon after. Wessley says he's a man of his word and tells Wemmbu there's a path at the wheat village and once he sees a blue cornflower, he'll find the mace. The invisible netherite player overhears their conversation from a distance. Wemmbu goes to Jaden and wishes him luck with whatever he's doing and grabs egg to go on a journey.

In the wheat fields, egg tells Wemmbu to test out his orbital strike on it and it blows up a small portion of the field with how massive the field is. They head into the village and look at the back of the castle, they don't see a path, but realizes the path is made by clearing out the trees, so they head into the forest. They see a house coming up ahead, egg goes in first and loots the house, obtaining a netherite chesetplate and a book. Egg reads the book and it says the violent nature of the server gets stale and repetitive. While egg reads the book, multiple invisible diamond players with 
Arachnid's Kingdom
 shields sneak up to the house and Wemmbu hears their footsteps and activates an orbital to blow up the house and everything surrounding it. Egg explains the book says if they keep going on this path of destruction, it'd only lead to boredom, which is true because Wemmbu had faked his own death out of boredom before. They explore further down the path and spots a bridge and crosses it. After walking down a little more, they see the blue cornflower and breaks it, which opens up a hidden door in the wall of the mountain. They head inside and zombies with full protection 4 diamond armor get sent up, Wemmbu makes egg fight them off himself. In their path is a bridge, egg says it may be trapped, Wemmbu walks down the bridge and activates an arrow cannon that pops his totem immediately. Egg pearls across the bridge and sees a warden spawn right next to Wemmbu. Wemmbu maces the wardens at first, but resorts to using stab shots to kill them. They head past another bridge and sees a sword build with an item frame on it with the mace there. An invisible player pearls onto it and grabs it before they do. The player puts their armor on and it turns out to be the 
same player that helped them
 in the tournament. They thank Wemmbu for setting off the traps and saving their armor durability, Wemmbu says it'd waste more durability fighting him, and a fight starts. The player goes full invis to his advantage and Wemmbu has an idea to instantly kill them. He leads the person to the bridge where the arrow cannon is facing, Wemmbu asks egg to activate the trap, but egg says he broke it. Wemmbu uses his plan B and uses his stab shot on the player, launching himself up in the air at the same time. He goes flying down and maces the player, but they use a turtle master potion while he was falling, so they survive the attack, but breaks all their armor in the process. They put another set on and Wemmbu continues attacking, the player tells him to stop and says there's other places he can get a mace, drops the mace, and leaves.

They go back to the village and hand off the mace to Fields. Fields thanks them for returning the mace and says they can get a free horse and building blocks as a way to repay them, and so they go to get their horses. As they leave, Wemmbu apologizes for blowing up their wheat field. The episode ends with them riding off into the sunset in the wheat field. An extra scene can be seen at the very end where Wemmbu maces his own horse to test if he gains height, and horse burns to death.

Trivia

There are Six variations of the video's title:

The original "I Explored the World's Largest Minecraft Server".

The second being "I Joined the World's Largest Minecraft Server".

The third being "I Explored a 100,000 Player Minecraft Server".

Fourth being "I Joined a 100,000 Player Minecraft Server".

Fifth being "I Joined The World’s Largest Minecraft Server"

Sixth being "I Explored a 100,000 Player Minecraft Server", likely to avoid Parrot's video with the same exact title (
I Joined the World's Largest Minecraft Server
).

and the Seventh current being "I Joined a 100,000 Player Minecraft Server"

This is one of the three thumbnails where Wemmbu's OptiFine cape can be shown, the other two being 
I Explored the Minecraft Farlands
 (with his Elytra being vibrant purple) and 
I Explored the Minecraft Great Sea
.

The shield patterns of diamond players revealed that they were sent by 
Arachnid
 or 
Yungy
, corresponding to the opening of this episode and 
yungyx
's attacking the Wheat Kingdom.

Navigation