cindercrest
— 
FlameFrags

I Joined the World's Largest Minecraft Army
 is the 132nd episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

Flame
 starts off the episode by explaining that since the Unstable SMP is the largest hardcore in the world, it has some of the biggest armies to exist in Minecraft. After he joined the 
Invisible Mafia
, one of the former largest teams on the server, he didn't want to join another massive team again, as he preferred to be a solo player. However, this all changed when his best friend 
Lomedy
 wanted to talk to him.

Lomedy tells Flame he wants to talk to Flame about something serious, he says ever since 
Parrot
 opened up spawn for new players, he says it came at a cost of old players have been running out of resources, starving to death, getting robbed by bandits, and Parrot hadn't done anything about it and that a new kingdom named 
Cindercrest
 has a goal to overthrow Parrot. Flame asks Lomedy if he thinks that sounds bad, Lomedy says he understands that it's bad, but if they helped Cindercrest this once, they could live on the server peacefully. He brings up that Flame told him they could do something he wanted to do, and doing this was what he had his mind on. Flame says he's not interested and that it's a terrible idea, and so Lomedy heads off on his own to join himself. Flame quickly goes after Lomedy and warns him of the dangers of joining Cindercrest. Lomedy brushes him aside and is hesitant on joining, Flame says that he is misunderstanding. In Flame's mind, this was a horrible idea as Lomedy could potentially die, and if Flame joined, there would be no benefit in joining when he could be training instead. Flame keeps trying to stop Lomedy from joining, Lomedy tells Flame if letting people starve and die, Flame is more selfish than he thought. Flame says he doesn't believe Parrot would let players just die like that, Lomedy says to him to tell that to the players that died and walks into the Cindercrest castle.

The two walk into the main castle and goes to the king of Cindercrest, 
Saparata
. Saps asks if he can help them, Lomedy says he's joining Cindercrest, and Saps asks what skills he has. Lomedy says he's good at farming, which isn't exactly what Saps was looking for, so he asks what else, Lomedy says he has a mace, which instantly lets him in. Saps asks them if they know why they're doing this and goes on to tell them Parrot is letting old players to starve and they're going to make him pay for it. He then asks Flame if he's joining, Flame says he's not there because he belives in the cause, but he decides to join anyway. Saps then tells them they're going need to prepare soon, as they're heading into war. Lomedy is happy that they're fighting for a cause, Flame doesn't think they should join a war that has nothing to do with them and says there's no tradeoff. Lomedy says this is a cause he respects and decides to prepare. 

In the next scene, Flame stands right alongside 
ShoeBilly
 on a 
blimp
, he makes small talk with Billy by saying it's interesting that it's only them on the blimp, Billy says it's obvious that they're both killers and among all of Cindercrest, they're the strongest.

Flame then monologues about how in order to take over the entirety of spawn, it's a game of control. They'd need to take control of all the major locations that surrounded spawn. Their first target was the training ground where Parrot kept his army; Fort Feather. The plan was for most of the army to attack from the ground, distracting them from below while a large group of them attacked from above.

The blimp gets closer to Fort Feather, Lomedy takes deep breaths in order to prepare. Flame then instructs everybody to huddle up in a corner and splashes them all with slow falling, he opens up the trapdoors and they all drop down into the fort and begins the war. Flame attacks a few players outside of the main building, he enters the building and a massive explosion trap gets set off, blowing up and killing everyone inside of it. Flame gets Lomedy and the players of Cindercrest to back up. After the explosion is done, there's only one player in Parrot's army remaining, as the rest of them were distracted by the blimp and fled. Once the last player was dealt with, they had taken over Fort Feather. This was great for Cindercrest, but there were still many places they needed to take over. 

Saps calls a meeting with Flame to talk about their next steps. Flame sits in a meeting with Saps, Lomedy, and an 
invisible assassin
. Saps says their next location they should take on is 
Merchant City
 and that the blimp worked well, but thinks they need a better weapon: the 
orbital strike cannon
. He says 
Wemmbu
 is the only person that he knows that wields these kinds of weapons and the only person who has beaten Flame in a fight, only because of these orbitals. Saps tasks Flame to find the location of the cannons and tells him to move fast and that there's no time. He gives Flame an Elytra which would help move faster and brings up the invisible assassin and mentions that they know a lot about the server. Flame stops him and tells him an Elytra has nothing to do with mastering combat and he doesn't want to work with the invisible player. Saps says he doesn't care about Flame's combat quest and taking down Parrot is more important, if they win, the server would go back to how it's supposed to be. Flame reluctantly agrees and asks the assassin what to do. The assassin says their best chance to get their hands on the orbitals is to take 
Eggchan
 hostage to interrogate him about where the cannons are, and if he doesn't comply, they'll kill him.

Flame monologues again, he explains that the orbital strike cannons are capable of one-shotting fully stacked players, and the wielders of these cannons was Wemmbu, who had the strongest weapons on all of Unstable. Forcing information out of him wasn't going to be easy, so targetting egg was the better option.

Flame and the assassin run through a desert, he asks how they're going to find egg, as he knows nothing about egg besides that he's Wemmbu's friend. The assassin says they have an idea and tells Flame to wait there, they pull a stasis and teleports away. Flame wanders around the desert and complains about Saps forcing him to work with a random player, just then, the assassin teleports right back to Flame and says they found him and tells him to follow them. They make it to 
Wheat Civilization
, Flame asks why they're headed towards there, the assassin says egg is friends with them. Flame sees that all of the wheat has been taken and wonders what happened, the assassin says they were attacked and robbed out of all their food. Flame then asks how they stasised away and back, but he doesn't expect an answer of how. They keep walking into the civilization, they find egg standing at the front of the castle, egg already knows what's going on and asks what he wants with him. Flame apologizes and tells him to come with him and the assassin for questioning and if he complies, he can come back. A member of the civilization writes in a sign saying they can't take him, a group of players from the civilization then begin attacking Flame. Flame ignores them and tells egg to follow them, egg tells them to stop and agrees to go with them in order to not see them die. 

Back over at Flame's base, Flame encages egg inside a pile of obsidian for safety precautions and if he answers their questions, he can leave. He finally asks egg where the orbital strike cannons are, and egg says he can't answer that. Flame begins hitting him, egg says he can't answer that because of his integrity and keeps insisting that he can't tell Flame. Flame says he already admitted to knowing where they are by saying he can't tell him and that he should be able to know as he's Wemmbu's best friend. Egg says back to him he hops on Minecraft because they're best friends, but that doesn't mean he knows Wemmbu's secrets. Flame asks how Wemmbu would feel if he died right there and egg asks if they want him to call him and asks how he would feel. Flame blocks off the block emitting light into where egg is, he says he's being nice with all things considered. He asks one more time for the location, egg says he doesn't know again. Just as he says that, two guards protecting Flame's base dies, Flame assumes it's Wemmbu and tells Lomedy to be careful. Wemmbu confronts Flame and asks if he has egg, Flame says he's forced to work with the assassin because he's in Cindercrest. Wemmbu asks for egg back, Flame says no and he'll bring egg back to him when he answers their questions. Wemmbu gives them a final warning before he sets off orbitals all over the base. Flame says he's being unreasonable and that he didn't give them enough time. Wemmbu and Flame keep on fighting, Flame gives Lomedy the sign to kill egg. Lomedy is insistent on it, he asks if Wemmbu is on him, which gets Wemmbu to focus his attention on Lomedy. When they get to the obsidian pile, they see that egg isn't there anymore and they all stop fighting. Wemmbu asks if they told the invisible assassin where egg was and Flame says they worked together to get egg, Wemmbu then says that the player took egg. Flame blames Wemmbu for this even happening and that he blew up the base for no reason, Wemmbu says they were the ones who kidnapped egg for no reason. Flame asks what they're going to do next, Wemmbu says he was just betrayed and that they should work together to figure out who the invisible player is and that will lead to egg's whereabouts. Wemmbu says he knows a person that can help them and Flame agrees to come along. 

Flame's monologue goes on to say that him and Wemmbu were relatively cool with each other and admits that it sucks to go behind his back to kidnap Eggchan all to steal his cannons, but if he didn't, Cindercrest would have no chance in beating Parrot, which would put Lomedy at risk. With all that, he had to put himself first. They head out to the 
Great Sea
, where they met up with 
Linnwyrm
, who knew where the assassin could've been. They also ran into 
Jaden_MAN
, who Flame had bad history with. Flame had no other choice but to work with him, and once Wemmbu regeared, they were ready to go on their journey.

The three of them boat to a huge island, they spot five players, 
yungyx
 and 
arachn1d_
 and three members of their civilization. Wemmbu threatens to blow them all up, but yungy says if they fight, egg would die. All of them walk together up the island to the platform where egg is located with the invisible player. The invisible player says they gathered them all there to make a proposition: whoever pays the most will be given egg. Yungy offers three diamonds at first, egg asks to raise the value as he believes he's valued more. The invisible player pulls egg's stasis to another location for his own safety. Wemmbu then steps up and offers his entire ender chest. Yungy goes higher and offers a stack of diamond blocks, Flame says he'll offer two stacks of diamond blocks on behalf of Cindercrest as well as his combat skills. Wemmbu thinks all of this is to bring egg back to them, but Flame says this was on behalf of Cindercrest, which meant he was still trying to get egg for himself. The auction keeps going, the invisible player tells arachn1d to go all out and keep bidding. Wemmbu interrupts and says to give him egg now or else everyone there dies. He sets off an orbital strike cannon and a fight between all of them break out. Wemmbu targets Flame and pops him, Flame flies up on top of a peak to grab his own fishing rod, hooked up to it is his own 
orbital dog cannon
. The dogs do tons of damage to yungy, which causes him to fall down a hole created by a stab shot. 

They drop down into the cave area of the island, Flame gets yungy in webs and pops his totems, he gets yungy to drop rockets in exchange for sparing his life. A fight breaks out with only Flame and Wemmbu, a stab shot reveals another part of the island, a lush cave hidden deeper down. Wemmbu finds himself getting in a fight with the invisible player, so Flame focuses on yungy. Yungy asks what they're fighting for, Flame says he doesn't know and that it's for egg, yungy says they're both trying to get to egg and suggests trying to find him together, but Flame likes the idea of killing yungy more. Yungy decides to go find egg himself and flies off towards an unexplored area.  Flame keeps chasing and attacking yungy through the maze until they make it to another platform surrounded by lava. They're forced to stop when Wemmbu says egg will die if they keep on fighting. The invisible player speaks up, they say they're willing to negotiate. Arachn1d goes first, he offers the entire treasury of the caverns in exchange for egg becoming a prisoner. The invisible player accepts the offer, they say eggchan will be safely delivered as soon as they receive the first half of the payment, and once he's delivered, they expect the second half. Flame asks Wemmbu if he wants to kill them, but Wemmbu says they can't cause they're just going to kill egg. Flame asks what's stopping him, Wemmbu says he's going to tell them where Lomedy is and he'll be in the exact same situation. With that being said, Flame decides to head out. Flame couldn't get the orbitals without taking things too far, which meant Cindercrest would lose their best chance at beating Parrot in the next battle. 

Flame returns to Fort Feather to figure out his next plan. Saps wants to hear good news from Flame, but Flame says he lost egg and can't even explain what happened. Saps expected more from somebody who used to be in the Mafia and asks how he even lost egg, Flame said the assassin he hired betrayed. Saps asks for his Elytra back, Flame doesn't even care and gives it without hesitation. He then brings up working with arachn1d isn't the worst idea if they want more players in the future. Saps says they're going to be on their own for now to get an idea of what they're getting themselves into without orbitals. Flame says Parrot is smart and tells Saps if he wonders if Parrot has an idea to counter the blimp, Saps says he might've planned for it, but they're all out of options and need to keep moving forward.

The Cindercrest army marches towards Merchant City, they see white flags in the distance, which meant they had surrendered. As they get closer, Parrot tells them himself that they surrender. Saps tells Parrot to come on down if he is going to surrender, but Parrot tells them to go on through as they all surrendered. Flame thinks they should take this opportunity to walk right in, but Saps sees right through Parrot and tells all of them to not go through. Saps decides to call the blimp over as their way of coming through, it's clear that neither party wants to move forward with the other's plan. Saps calls all of them to go back to the blimp and tells Parrot to try harder next time. Saps asks if they really think that's a real surrender, but Flame thinks they could easily just come right in and roll them. Flame asks again if Saps hadn't thought about if Parrot could counter the blimp, but there's nothing Parrot could realistically do about the blimp. 

In the blimp. Flame keeps saying Parrot might've accounted for it. Lomedy says he hoped they were honest about surrendering and all of the deaths wasn't necessary and that only Parrot cares about his own kingdom. Flame says he's never seen Parrot as that kind of player and that this isn't what he would be fighting for. The blimp gets closer and closer, they see that nobody is towering up to the blimp or attempting to, and once they reach the middle of the town, Flame stops the blimp and begins the procedure again of splashing them all with slow falling and attacking. However, this time, as they fall through the sky, arrows begin shooting upwards at insane speeds. Lomedy accidentally drops, Flame tells him to hold out a totem or a shield, but Lomedy's voice doesn't reply back to Flame. Flame looks in chat to see if Lomedy died, luckily, Lomedy comes in range and tells Flame that he's alive. Theo taunts Flame and thanks him for all of the loot, Parrot then instructs 
Reina
 to let all of the 
vanguard
 in. Flame doesn't want to kill Parrot, Parrot says Flame was the one who raided the city. The Merchant City Vanguard come barging in, Flame easily gets outnumbered by the amount of guards, he tells Lomedy to run and goes around seeing if anymore Cindercrest members are alive, but sees no one. He pearls out and tries to crossbow cart the vanguard right before the pearl lands, but fails. 

Saps calls a meeting with the remaining players of Cindercrest, they had suffered a major loss at Merchant City, but they have to move quickly, since Parrot may be coming to their location next. Saps says they're going to form an alliance with the arachn1d kingdom and to prep quickly and they'll go to arachn1d's kingdom as soon as possible. Flame asks Saps what that was all about, he thought they had a real chance at taking over Merchant City and without his doubts, him and Lomedy would've been dead because of him. Saps says he said best shot, not a guaranteed shot, and Flame was the one who failed to get the orbitals. He says that death happens in war and tells Flame to start marching and heads off. Flame stays back and asks Lomedy to leave the war, he says there's nothing in it for either of them, Flame isn't getting any better and Lomedy isn't saving anybody. Lomedy still wants to help, he believes it'll help once they win and the server won't have to suffer anymore. Flame thinks it's pointless, Lomedy says he just doesn't understand and tells Flame he's selfish for thinking this way. Flame admits that he is selfish, but being selfish is how your survive on a server like Unstable. The episode ends as Lomedy goes to march with the rest of Cindercrest and Flame stands on top of the house all angrily looking down on the rest of the players.

Trivia

Theo and Reina can be seen on the mountain from Cindercrest's first march towards spawn, as in Parrot's video, 
I Created the World's Largest Minecraft Army
.

Although it's not uncommon for the protagonists to upload on or around the same day as another, this is the first time a short and a full-length Unstable video has been uploaded on the same day.

Flamefrag's statement to Lomedy about how being selfish is how you survive on Unstable mirrors 
Billy's
 line to Parrot in 
Searching for a Civilization that Doesn't Exist
.