There are countless adventures to be had, each one pushing you to your absolute limits.
— 
ParrotX2

I Joined the World's Largest Minecraft Server
 is the 62nd episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.  

Plot

After escaping 
Paragon
, Parrot takes the end portal to get to spawn — which has been completely destroyed, leaving nothing but lava cast towers and Withers in the sky, while Parrot has nothing but nine carrots in his inventory. The Withers begin to chase him, and his food runs out. Just then, he finds his old friend, 
TheobaldTheBird
, who has built a small shelter and is fighting off Withers with just a set of iron armour. Miraculously, he manages to kill two of them, giving Parrot food to survive. Theo says that with the two Nether Stars he collected, he will pay his taxes in a city called 
Capital City
. Paranoia sets in for Parrot — suspecting that Theo will either kill him or leave him behind, but Theo has no ill intentions, and the two of them set off for the city.

Capital City is ruled by 
Reddoons
, a greedy tyrant who kept the poor in servitude during the Mafia regime. Anyone can start a business, but they have to pay a tax of 90% of their earnings. Parrot is given a small shop on Market Street, where the previous owner left behind brewing supplies. However, in an entire day, Parrot makes only one sale. He doesn't plan on staying for long, but upon seeing the vast crowds of players and his low potion sales, he realizes he will be stuck here for a while. When Reddoons isn't monitoring the players, they gather in a secret underground black market nearby to conduct illegal business. 
Puqi
, a friend of Theo, sells him illegal explosives and gives an offer to help them rescue his friend from spawn for 64 diamonds. Parrot initially refuses to participate, finding it risky, but Theo pressures him into it. Back at shop, Parrot is still hesitant to go with Theo to smuggle the player in, but after getting robbed in broad daylight by 
FlameFrags
 and another player who breaks his chest of potions, he ultimately agrees.

During the rescue mission, Parrot and Theo use invisibility potions to go unnoticed. Although their target, 
DragonMC
, is fifteen minutes late, they successfully rescue him and escape the Withers. Upon arriving in Capital City, DragonMC is impressed by its sheer scale.

Word gets out that Parrot and Theo were rescuing players from spawn and smuggling them into the city, and it becomes a stable form of income for the two, one they keep hidden from Reddoons. On one mission, they encounter a group of scammers led by 
Boosfer
, who are gaining diamonds through a rigged minecart-based gambling game. The mechanism of the scam is well-designed, but Parrot figures it out just as Theo loses for the second time. Parrot loots the hopper underneath the rails, stealing all the items, and the two flee despite the threats from Boosfer and his friends.

Back in the city, Reddoons is collecting taxes. Parrot has nothing, but Reddoons gives him a second chance. His neighbour, however, owes 3 stacks of diamonds and since she can't pay, Reddoons threatens to kick her out. With all the kindness in his heart, Parrot secretly enters her house and places valuable totems of undying, netherite, and enchanted apples he stole from the scammers in one of her chests, helping her pay off her debts.

A short time later, Parrot is informed that he has a letter. The post office is in the town hall, in front of which a large crowd has gathered. The post office, however, is empty. Parrot's delivery is somewhere in the complex minecart transport system. Inside, there is a lodestone compass and a book from 
Leow0ok
. In it, he explains that BAT is starting over and that everything is fine now, along with the location of Parrot's Happy Ghast. He wishes Parrot all the best and informs him that the location the compass points to is where he can find the Happy Ghast (affectionately named 
Sky
) whom Parrot used during the BAT rescue operation in the war against the 
Director
.

Parrot and Theo take train number 50 from the impressive central station. Along the route, however, they are ambushed by the scammers. The two friends split up. While Theo goes to get the ghast, Parrot creates a diversion, bluffing that the stolen items are hidden nearby. But the gangsters realize that and begin chasing the protagonist. Parrot escapes using ender pearls, a potion of speed, and wind charges. He climbs an incredibly steep mountain he had spotted during the journey, where Theo is waiting for him with the Happy Ghast. They make their escape and leave the ghast with the mayor's "Animal Care" department.

Their player rescue business brings them chests full of diamonds in profit, but they realize they aren't contributing to the server's well-being. For every player they save, hundreds more die. The two abandon their business, and Parrot closes his shop. Days later, however, Reddoons calls them in his office. He tells them he has found out about their business. After a short dialogue, the mayor offers them a deal: rescue a player named Hexatope. In return, Parrot demands the clearing of the entire city's debt, Reddoons agrees immediately.

Hexatope
 is loaded onto the Happy Ghast while Parrot and Theo are intercepted by Boosfer's crew of scammers. They decide it all ends here and now. In the ensuing fight, all of Boosfer's men are killed, and he flees. Back in the city, Reddoons announces the forgiveness of all debts in a solemn speech. A procession follows Parrot to his house where, as a token of her gratitude, his neighbor gives him an elytra— the very same elytra that Theo had wanted back in the city. The celebrations continue. The two friends climb the massive city wall and reflect on what has happened, deciding to become a team once more. Parrot says: "90% of the people on this server die at spawn, and for the vast majority of the survivors, Capital City is their reality."

"What do we do about it?" asks TheobaldTheBird.

"We save them," is Parrot's firm reply.

Trivia

YouTubers 8slice, also known as jameschargesit, and ItzBlake can be seen in the crowd where Reddoons held his speech. They are not credited in the description as they are not official Unstable members despite being creators, instead, they joined the Unstable Event hosted by Parrot.

Many people attended multiple events, some being mocaps, while others were at spawn with PvP enabled and withers flying around, potentially causing them to die. You can see some players have their original usernames in one scene, then a different variation of their username in another. This is caused by dying, then requeuing back into the event.

The video's original title was “The Unstable SMP Experience”.

The players walking backwards was completely improvised by the players during the event, Parrot saw it and liked it so much that he said he'd try to find a way to include it in the video.

Players made another chain during the event and started a congo line inside of the black market. Although Parrot found it amusing, he wanted players to scatter around.