i lowkey became the greatest leader on the unstable smp... in this video i find all my enemies and get some W revenge with over 1000 players........... lol
— 
SpokeIsHere

I Manipulated 1000 Players on the Unstable SMP
 is the 56th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

Spoke
 attacks 
Bacon
 because he called him "broke". Then he sails out to a piece of land and declares it the capital of the 
Spoke Galactic Empire
. Spoke makes some rules such as "No Treason", "Never Hit Spoke", "Don't touch the Rules", and "Have fun". Spoke then attacks Jaron to get revenge on him. Jaron escapes. They take his cows although the cows and players were never seen again. Spoke punishes the players who kill others such as Odessify_Sigma. He then attacks 
Horace
's secret base and takes him back to the capital. There, Horace is forced  to teach the citizens of the Spoke Galactic Empire to build. Spoke survives an assassination attempt. Spoke notices he's being stalked by an invisible diamond player who later turns out to be 
Mapicc
. Spoke takes Mapicc to spawn to show the obsidian highway that the players used from the massive spawn prison during the 
The Invisible Mafia Arc
. They return back to the capital to turn out the capital was under attack by it's own citizens. Houses were burning, players killed, assassination attempts as common as a blade of grass in a plains. Spoke leads the players to the remains of 
Sleepy Nation
 that once joined the 
Invisible Mafia
. Spoke finds 
Hannahxxrose
 and drops a quote of Theseus. Spoke orders the players to attack Hannah. Hannah pops several times. Hannah eventually escapes via escape route. Spoke notices the noticeable lack of armor during the fight. Someone tried to respawn anchor bomb Spoke but he survives. Spoke returns back to the capital to see how much progress Horace has made on his castle. To his surprise he finds his castle complete. Spoke realizes his castle was built on a gravestone. Spoke realises someone is trying to build a taller house thana him. He goes to investigate only to realize it was a trap. Spoke pops a totem but survives the trap. Spokes makes a conclusion that all of these assassination attempts are due to the fact that they haven't had enough conquering and violence yet. Spoke leads his troops to the End Dimension to find 
MinuteTech
. Spoke realises  he's going to accidentally grief Minute's end base. Once the players arrive, the players completely overwhelm Minute. Spoke leads  them back to the overworld to prevent any further damage. Spoke slowly loses control of his army and they eventually turn on him. 

Trivia

This is the first episode to be entirely based on 
Unstable Events
.

This is the second least viewed Unstable Universe video.

The video's original title was "1017 Players VS Hardcore Minecraft SMP..."

Navigation