mastered might be a strong word
— 
Wemmbu

I Mastered Minecraft Combat
 is the 23rd episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

While being shown around his treehouse, 
Wemmbu
 asks 
ManePear
 if he can be taught how to fight. Mane replies by saying that everyone wants to learn how to fight, but not all are willing to put in the effort, and if he were to train Wemmbu, there would still be nothing that would make him stand out. Mane walks him outside, but Wemmbu, willing to prove himself, attempts and fails to mace him twice. Now realizing that mafia members could kill Wemmbu and take the weapon, Mane agrees to train him, though on one condition: he takes the mace until the training is complete.

Wemmbu builds a PvP kit. The two travel to a mafia outpost and grief it, killing one player in the process. They later spar on a playing field, where Wemmbu learns more about what he needs to improve on. He makes another kit under the instruction to “make an ideal [one].” Then, he is told about the mafia rankings, and invited to eat dinner with Mane. Over the meal, Mane says that the outpost they raided was an untrimmed base, and that there is a gold-trimmed one in a nearby mesa. Here, Wemmbu kills an iron-trimmed player, and Mane kills a gold, iron, and untrimmed player with the mace. They loot the building only to be chased out by multiple gold-trimmed players, as well as one diamond-trimmed.

Back at Mane’s treehouse and using his materials, Wemmbu creates many restock boxes, and stores them in his enderchest. Mane pretends to be a mafia member to test his reflexes. They spar again, and Wemmbu is taught to play dirty and without honor. In dutiful response, Wemmbu begins the fight without letting him finish. During that night’s dinner, Mane suggests he fight against gold-trimmed players to more efficiently improve his capabilities. They discuss the differences in what (battle) items each rank holds. Understanding that gold-trimmed players would need shoulder boxes to restock, Wemmbu brings up the idea of camping out at a shulker farm, to which Mane says it would be unlikely since it’s not the players themselves who would be farming, but it was possible. Wemmbu sets out to do this and returns with the chestplate of three gold-trimmed players he killed. Mane is impressed, though he argues against Wemmbu’s idea to track down a diamond-trimmed player because, as illustrated by his words, “they use enchanted golden apples as regular golden apples.” They then discuss fighting styles and the fact that Wemmbu doesn’t have one. Mane heavily suggests he do. While going over the psychology of battle, Wemmbu attacks him. After almost getting popped, the video cuts back to a continuation of the psychology conversation where Mane is being annoyingly vague about how to go about making progress. Before Wemmbu leaves, however, he is told to offhand his totem. Mane attempts to mace him, but fails. He succeeds the second time. 

While flying with no set destination, Wemmbu encounters a hollowed out ice mountain and discovers that the hidden civilization belongs to 
Arcn
 and 
Loppezz
. Angry at his presence, they kick him out. Wemmbu then travels to spawn, where he strikes a deal with 
Spoke
—offering the location of elytras if Spoke tells him where he can find a diamond-trimmed player. They travel to the old 
PrinceZam Empire
 and loot it, eventually finding multiple in a chest underneath a pile of valuable blocks. When Wemmbu asks for the location, Spoke admits he doesn’t know where a specific player is, only the base where they reside. Shortly after, Wemmbu notices an invisible player and pops their totem, only to find that it’s 
eggchan
, who has joined the mafia. Spoke leaves.

Egg explains that his duration in the mafia was boring, spending most of his time AFK at farms. He only came to Zam’s empire for a solo mission and thus is not able to give Wemmbu the coordinates to Mafia City as he states the only way he knows where it is in the first place was by following other players. Wemmbu takes Egg back to Mane’s treehouse, where Mane becomes upset by Egg’s arrival because he doesn’t want visitors. It’s implied that they know each other. Mane eventually relents and agrees to help Egg learn how to fight, though humiliates him by attacking and winning without any armor. He later says Egg can stay only if he builds farms and other useful things.

The next day, Wemmbu and Egg return to the hidden ice civilization in hopes of gaining their trust to lure a diamond-trimmed player in and kill him. Egg is not happy about the concept of betrayal, but agrees to the term, conseting half heartedly to his name being used as a sign of honor. When gold-trimmed players eventually come and take the citizens hostage, Wemmbu challenges the diamond-trimmed player to a fair one-on-one duel with no restocks. The terms are agreed upon, but then Wemmbu restocks anyway, and the diamond-trimmed player calls for backup. In the end, they draw as Wemmbu escapes. Egg tells him that he can’t work alone, and needs the help of others. They return to the treehouse, where Wemmbu tells Mane he popped a diamond-trimmed player. In response, Mane returns the mace, and asks to return to the ice civilization because he has something to do or discuss with said player. He tells Wemmbu and Egg to stay close when they spot the diamond-trimmed player flying out, but Wemmbu, convinced by Egg, stays behind to defend the civilization. After the mafia leaves, Egg and Wemmbu track Mane down, where they find him with the diamond-trimmed player. However upon arrival, the diamond-trimmed player flees, annoying Mane and making him upset at the two for ruining his plan. He later apologizes.

Wemmbu practices with the mace and becomes proficient with it, consistently popping Egg’s totems, however is told to properly enchant it with Wind Burst 1 (rather than 3). So he returns to spawn, where he gets playfully attacked by Spoke, who rants about annoying missions he’s been sent on by the mafia. Wemmbu tells Spoke he no longer cares about the coordinates for the mafia base on one condition: he gives Wemmbu a book for Wind Burst instead. The deal is made and Wemmbu returns to the treehouse, where Mane begs him for the mace. Confused and suspicious, Wemmbu refuses, while also inquiring about Egg’s whereabouts—a question that also goes unanswered. Mane, irritated by Wemmbu’s defiance, accuses him of never listening to instructions, which is “the reason why [he] isn’t improving.” In response, Wemmbu snaps at Mane and says he’ll fix whatever was currently happening himself, and travels to a field where Egg is being held hostage by 
FlameFrags
, who says that Wemmbu has two choices: he hands over the mace or Egg dies. Wemmbu puts up a good fight and pops his totem, though is forced to give up his weapon in the end. 

He and Egg return to the treehouse. Mane doesn’t reply when Wemmbu calls out for him, but as Wemmbu flies around, searching for any trace, he finds a sign that says “lost cause.” He breaks it and returns to Egg, avoiding the question posed to him about Mane’s location by replying that he doesnt think he’s coming back.

Trivia

This is the longest Unstable Universe video as it is a second away from being 4 hours long.