Recently on the Unstable SMP, 
LettuceK
, the leader of 
the Law
, held a serverwide emergency announcement and declared an election for the first king of Unstable.
— 
ParrotX2

I Ran for King on the Unstable SMP
 is the 99th episode feature in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

Parrot
 recaps the 
previous episode
 and mentions that 
LettuceK
 rigged the election from the start and planned to become the king himself. The election begins and Lettuce gathers the fifteen other candidates and tells them the three major rules: 1. Every two weeks the candidate pool will be cut in half. 2. Unlike other elections, votes are not permanent and players can change their votes at any time. 3. During the election, all candidates must live inside of the Northern Council, the top eight will live in the castle while the bottom eight will live in the towers. Once the rules are stated, Lettuce allows them to head to their rooms and wishes them luck winning the election. Parrot meets up with 
Theo
 to check out his room. Parrot knows that the election isn't hopeless as two days prior he received a message from a person who was named the Owl, who is presumably an insider of 
The Law
, who without their help, Parrot wouldn't have gotten enough votes. A book is left inside of a lectern like they did in Parrot's shop asking to meet up from a week from now that would give Parrot information about Lettuce. Parrot tries to tell Theo about what he just read, but Theo is too distracted about the gear that was provided to them, which wasn't anything to use, Theo goes back to their potion shop to move their items to their new home. While Theo was doing so, Parrot goes to scout his competition out, he sees some familiar faces and some new. One of them is 
Boosfer
, who Parrot questions how he even managed to get 380 votes. He asks Boosfer to show where he resides and Boosfer shows him around, Parrot spots a book planted in a lectern in Boosfer's room and makes up an excuse to leave, he mistakenly left the Owl's message in his room and goes back to his room. When he gets back to his room, he's greeted by a player who says he was sent by Lettuce to guard him, but Lettuce never mentioned any type of guard to protect, Parrot questions him and the guard makes up an excuse to leave, Parrot takes a look at the book and realizes that the book had been compromised and was replaced with a fake, he calls out for the guard who went invisible. With no other choice, Parrot aims his bow at the invis particles with intent of killing the player, he misses his first few shots, but miraculously managed to hit the player and killing him, which also luckily was far out enough to not load the message for the guards to see, he had successfully protected the Owl's identity. 

The next day, Lettuce called for another meeting, saying that the update has been updated. He says that a lot of the server members don't know who the candidates are and wants to host a debate and asks how the candidates feel about it. Boosfer speaks up and says the idea is garbage and doesn't like the idea of it as he believes the others wouldn't stand a chance against him. However, Lettuce says anybody who isn't present in the debate will automatically be removed from the election and that it'll be held one week from now. The debate is randomized using dispensers and 
Deputy_Ace
 steps up to call out who goes against who, Parrot is picked to go up against Lettuce. After everyone gets their opponent, Lettuce informs them that a guard of The Law went missing the night prior and asks the candidates knows anything about what happened, nobody speaks up and he says that they'll keep searching.

Parrot goes back to his room and catches Theo up with what the announcement was about, Theo is as shocked as Parrot, and Parrot thinks that it was rigged and there was a chance Lettuce picked Parrot himself, but he also finds this a good opportunity to actually debate Lettuce in front of thousands of players and potentially win and become king. Parrot reads the book again written by the Owl, which hinted at the fact that the information could help win against Lettuce, but in the meantime, Parrot and Theo heads off to try and get more votes. Their first stop is 
Capital City
, their plan was to go around door to door, but Theo comes barging into people's houses which wasn't the way to go about this. They ended up getting no votes, Parrot wants people to vote who care rather than forcing them to vote, so they devise a plan to make posters. They swim to a middle of an ocean and start building a massive sign that says "VOTE PAROT", Parrot laughs in disbelief from the misspelling, but Theo thinks it's okay and still gets the point across. They put all of their signs in one place and Boosfer comes from behind and messes with them for the misspelling. Parrot asks how Boosfer even managed to get enough votes and Boosfer shows him the strategy of manipulating players to close their eyes and write his name in a book as fast as they can and sign it.

After three days of campaigning, they made little to no progress. Parrot and Theo are walking up to the Northern Council, they're stopped by Lettuce and a guard, as they try to walk past him, Lettuce asks to run an item check after the death of one of The Law's guards death. Parrot is scared, but still agrees to the item check although he still has the Owl's message in his inventory. Parrot remembers that the books weren't signed and deletes the entire message in the books and fills his entire inventory with cakes, Lettuce takes a look at the books and finds nothing and lets Parrot and Theo head forward, but lets them know that surveillance has been improved. Theo asks what's the deal with the guard and Parrot uses the book to write to him to meet outside of the Northern Council to talk, Parrot tells Theo how he had to kill the guard because he stole the message, which was bad since the security was now on high alert, would be a risk since the Owl wanted to meet in the middle of the Northern Council, but Parrot still planned on meeting up with them nonetheless.

Back in their room, Parrot and Theo practice their debate, Theo tries to convince Parrot to talk down on Lettuce and how terrible of a job he's done, but Parrot thinks it's wrong to stand somebody else. They spend hours debating, still waiting on a message from the Owl. As it turns nighttime, a few players start arriving at the Northern Council, who Parrot believed the Owl used as a distraction to meet up with Parrot. He asks Theo for invis potions and sneaks out of his room invis and investigates. It appears that Lettuce held a small meeting to mourn the death of the guard, another invisible player spots Parrot and Parrot follows them up top on the castle. The invisible player drinks milk, revealing themself to be 
Spepticle
, who tells Parrot that he is the Owl. He says that he is a higher up in The Law and doesn't understand how he ended up there, Parrot gets Spepticle to confirm he was the one who sent him to Treebo Village and to meet up in the middle of the Northern Council and asks why he was chosen. Spepticle tells him that he doesn't know a lot about him, but wanted to say thank you as ever since he joined Unstable SMP, every town, every civilization he's joined, he ended up at the bottom, he then moved to Capital City and fell into debt, but Parrot gave him enough materials to pay them all off. With the kind gesture, it inspired Spepticle to help other players out and looked around the server to find opportunities to, and so he joined The Law. As he climbed the ranks, he realized Lettuce's definition of justice was skewed, and after he announced that he wanted to run for king, Spepticle didn't feel right about it, and it reminded him about Parrot and thinks Parrot is the one who is actually capable of saving the server and became the Owl to become a bird like Parrot. With his higher position, he decided to change rules and add new ones in order to help Parrot out in the election. He says that Lettuce believes that no matter what, he's going to win, but Spepticle lets Parrot know something: He doesn't have ahold of Wemmbu anymore and that Wemmbu escaped. This proved The Law's imcompetency and it would show there would be no more reason to vote for Lettuce. Spepticle also informs Parrot that he was assigned to be the commentator during the debate and assures Parrot that he'll make it to the top eight candidates. Parrot decides to head back to his room as it's getting early on in the day and asks Speticle to meet back up after the debate. 

The day of the debate comes, Lettuce gives Spepticle to commentate the debate. Most of the candidates talk about their plans and intentions if they become the king. One debate stands out in particular, during 
JumperWho
 and Boosfer's debate, Jumper says how one person was rooting for her and how she didn't care about it, so she drops out of the election, when it's Boosfer's turn, he says nothing. Of the first debates, the most emotional is the one between SirPig_ and Fymada. It highlights, on the one hand, greed and carelessness, and on the other, compassion. While the mayor of the Capitol city, SirPig_, explains how there is no need for improvement and talks arrogantly about himself, Fymada shares her worst personal experiences with taxes. The crowd jumps in her support.

Lastly, it is finally time for Parrot and Lettuce's debate. Spepticle first asks Lettuce what he would do to help the server if he were to become king, but Lettuce talks about what he's already done for the server, such as mass increases of wealth and protection for places such as Capital City and Redstone Town, planning on expand it further out to the 
Amplified
 and 
Far Lands
. Parrot steps in and mentions how Parrot traveled hundreds of thousands of blocks to Treebo Village where The Law had no presence in, and that any civilization that is outside of the general area of spawn is in risk of danger. Lettuce says that's a big accusation and argues that he's been fighting the Pirate oppressors in the 
Great Sea
, which has the crowd cheering for him. Spepticle asks Parrot the same question of what he would do as king, and Parrot says that there is a massive issue that needs to be addressed; a majority of people who join the server don't make it out of spawn, and if they manage to do so, they are forced to live on the server without any food or any shelter. He brings up the topic of the thousand players that Lettuce lead, who all died. He says how Lettuce sacrificed a thousand players in order to capture one player, which offends Lettuce. Parrot then asks if he's even able to bring out a captured 
Wemmbu
 twelve hours from now, then reveals to the entire crowd that Lettuce doesn't have custody of Wemmbu anymore and that it took a thousand players for Wemmbu to escape. Lettuce says that's a bold claim, then says it doesn't matter as he shouldn't take orders from a murderer. He then reveals that his investigation unit looked into his room and found the dead lawman's items in his room and was going to execute Parrot right then and there. Parrot then realized that Lettuce knew the entire time that Parrot killed the guard, only holding in the truth to expose him in front of the entire server. Spepticle steps up and covers for Parrot, he admits to killing the guard and storing the loot inside of Parrot's room. Lettuce asks for Spepticle's armor and makes him step in the cauldron, Parrot tries to get Spepticle to stop and take the blame for himself, but Spepticle takes the execution in order to let Parrot keep running for election.

After the debate, Parrot walks down the main highway when he sees Deputy_Ace and two guards running the opposite direction of Capital City where he repeatedly yells that the city is under attack. He sees a TNT cannon built high up in the distance and TNT placed all over the city and goes to investigate it. He splashes invisibility and goes all the way up to where the cannons are and destroys the redstone, he sees 
Spoke
 standing on one of them and sneakily breaks the redstone behind him, his invisibility runs out and he puts his armor on, which alerts Spoke of his presence. Spoke sounds extremely distraught and Parrot doesn't understand what lead to Spoke to act like this, and Spoke mentions that they killed his friend and that what he's going to do isn't as bad as what he's gone through. Parrot tells him that he can't do this, Spoke says he doesn't understand what he's saying, and if Parrot lost a friend, somebody that he cared about more than anyone else on the server, he would understand. Parrot says he's gone through just as much as Spoke has and Spoke isn't the only one who has lost friends on the server, he then asks what happened. Parrot talks Spoke out of blowing up the server, which gives Spoke the motivation to find his 
best friend
 again.

Over the course of the next few days, Parrot receives more votes despite what happened during the debate and managed to get into the top eight candidates after the first two weeks.

The last scene shows Lettuce and Deputy_Ace talking privately in their meeting room. Lettuce sounds stressed and says that everything was going wrong, Deputy_Ace says there's nothing to be worried about as he's still on top of the leaderboard. Lettuce says that he knows Spepticle was a traitor and saw Parrot kill him with his own eyes, he knows Spepticle saw something in Parrot and wants him to win and was snaking The Law the entire time. Deputy_Ace now notices and asks what Lettuce is going to do about it, Lettuce says he needs Parrot gone as he sees him as too big of a threat. Deputy_Ace thinks it's wrong to kill off one of the candidates, Lettuce says he's right and that it's too much of a risk to kill Parrot himself, so he's going to leave it to the rest of the candidates, so he decides to commence "The Purge".

Trivia

Naparizel's shield banner pattern is the same one he uses on another scripted series called Heartless Horizon.

There is most likely no connection between the two servers, as he's shown to be an antagonist in Heartless Horizon, but trying to seek peace in Unstable.

Boosfer said in one of his streams that almost everything he said was improvised, and that Parrot liked the peasant line so much, he asked Boosfer to keep saying it.