he has no idea it's me
— 
Wemmbu

I Secretly Joined My Enemy's Minecraft Team
 is the 71st episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

The story begins with 
Wemmbu
 overhearing that 
Boosfer
 is after a great treasure in the 
Great Sea
. As Wemmbu was walking through spawn, he saw 
Jaden_MAN
 recruiting new pirates, he then joined Jaden’s crew just to kill Boosfer, although he didn’t mention the reason. They then travelled to many islands, before encountering the Marine Rangers, which they infiltrated, which they found 
Parrot
 and 
Theo
 were also doing. The attack ends in a loss when it is a 2v5 for Wemmbu and Jaden, which they managed to escape. Locating a few pixels of an island, they travelled to that island, only to find nothing. While searching around, they were ambushed again, but this time Wemmbu saw one of the two players that knew about his identity and followed him. It started to rain, and Wemmbu used the riptide trident to catch up. He sneaks up behind Parrot as he's talking to 
Boomie
 and proceeds to use a Stab Shot on him, killing Boomie instantly. However, Parrot saw this and said that he only wanted peace and actually wonders who Wemmbu’s fake identity is. Wemmbu, feeling guilty but yet accomplished, riptided back to Jaden who had massacred the Marine Rangers. Jaden said that his treasure was actually an empty area to build his new pirate empire, which Wemmbu said he already has, bringing him back to the Marine Ranger's base. When returning, they saw TheLobsterMan, the leader of the Rangers. Wemmbu then started a fight with him, and ended up killing him, revealing his identity to Jaden. When he went to him, Jaden asked if he had read it right, Wemmbu lets Jaden keep his empire and threatens to kill Jaden if he ever steps foot out out of the Great Sea to avoid his identity from getting leaked. The episode ends with a flashback of the Pirate Arc, and Wemmbu being remembered on how he took the place of Jaden, killing an innocent who wants peace in front of a major character. The relationship between Jaden and Wemmbu still remains positive despite their recent conflicts as shown in a 
later episode
.

Trivia

In the beginning of the video, Jaden calls the treasure the "one piece", and then hires a player named Chopp_er1 to the team, which is a reference to a character from One Piece.