is me x swight tuff duo or nah lmk
— 
FlameFrags

I Secretly Teamed With My Minecraft Killer
 is the 100th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

After being picked up by 
Swight
 to be his sidekick, 
Flame
 joins Swight to help assist his mercenary jobs and get one on one training in order to beat 
The Law
, still invisibile to prevent his identity from being revealed. Their first job is to help defend a village from a team of mountain bandits, the leader of the village mentions that if they keep coming back, the whole village would go extinct, they also aren't very wealthy and offers the enemy team's vault full of items as payment. Swight agrees on the deal, taking everything the enemy team has once the mission is done. During their time off, Flame and Swight practice PvP, Swight teaches Flame the basics of shield disabling as well as some tips to help better improve his skills. In the middle of practice, a horn is blown, signaling that the bandits were coming. The leader shows them dripstone traps and TNT cannons set up all across the base for them to use, then they go into hiding to let the two deal with it. Flame tells Swight to bait the bandits into the holes so the cannons can blow them up, but after the second shot, the cannon blows itself up. Flame jumps down and gets the bandits attention on him, he goes back into the village and uses a knockback sword to knock the bandits into the dripstone trap and dropping dripstone on them, killing them without showing his name. Swight falls into the trap and Flame pops the bandit's totems in the meantime. Swight gets back up and Flame pops more totems and uses the trap to kill more bandits, he gets knocked into a trap himself with two bandits, he has no way to escape, Swight comes down and kills the bandits stuck down there with him. They kill the last of the bandits, Swight asks why Flame wasn't directly fighting them, Flame says he was popping totems, which gets Swight off his tail. The leader leaves their hiding spot and tells them about another village that was recently attacked and asks to bring any remaining survivors back to their village. 

During their expedition, Flame asks Swight about his job and who he goes after, Swight says it doesn't really matter who, and only cares about how skillful the player is and how much he gets paid. He also mentions how he despises people who kill for titles or vengenace. They get to the village, which seems to be raided, but they look through the houses and see a few players hiding in them. One of the players tell them to do a sweep of the houses for anymore players, the first house Flame steps inside of has a fall trap and a dripstone at the bottom of it, he pops a totem and his invisibility gets cleared, Swight asks if he needs help, and Flame says no. He breaks all of the armor stands and splashes invis again before Swight comes down to help. They take the two remaining survivors back to the village, one of them falls into a powdered snow trap when he wasn't looking, the other walks back into the village where all of the people cheer for him. The leader tells Flame and Swight that there's downtime for them as their scouts were on the hunt for the enemies base. 

They go back to training, Swight notices Flame's aggressive playstyle, but isn't able to get close to him, so he shows Flame how to bow boost. Next, Swight tells Flame how important game sense is and to pay attention to what the opponent is doing, they practice against each other so Flame can learn Swight's fighting style. The leader comes and tells them that they found the bandit's base and leads the two there himself, once they get near, he leaves and lets Flame and Swight deal with it. They get to the top of the base, where the roof is made out of glass, Flame tells Swight to jump in while he drops carts from above. The cart strategy manages to kill tons of bandits, but when Flame isn't looking, one of the bandits TNT minecarts Flame and pops his totem, Flame quickly splashes invisibility and has to fend off the bandit. Flame uses the strategy of analyzing their playstyle to prevent getting carted, the bandit loses the battle and runs away. Flame jumps in and carts the rest of the bandits.

The two collect the loot and Swight complements Flame on how smart he is and how their styles match well. While restocking, the signature Law horn could be heard, which meant The Law has caught up to them, and they have a strict no invisibility rule. The lawman says that they have intel on Flame and tells Swight how Flame went missing and presumably faked his death to prevent being hunted, and to look out for him and that he uses cobwebs a lot and is a quick learner, Swight looks at Flame suspiciously and says that the description matches with him. Swight asks Flame to let the invisibility run out to regain his trust, Flame tries to lie and say he has no name and other excuses, but he has no other way to convince otherwise, so he lets his invisibility run out. The lawman goes to call for backup and tells Swight to hold him off, Swight sounds angry at the fact that he's been working with the person he was hired to kill. Swight says he could kill Flame himself rather than have The Law back him up so he can get the credit he deserves. Flame tries to tell his side of the story, how The Law is the same team that took everything from him, but Swight doesn't care about his problems and only cares about completing his mission. 

Flame pots up and challenges Swight to a fight, giving Swight his reputation if he does succeed in killing Flame. With the both of them being skilled PvPers, Swight pulls out his netherite armor, the fight goes on until Flame tells Swight to make a deal and that he'll keep running, he says how he would tell The Law how Swight trained him and teamed with him, taking all of Swight's credit and tarnishing his reputation. Swight asks what Flame could even offer, Flame says he can take the vault and doesn't care about the loot, so they head down to the vault, where hundreds of armor sets are stored and has a good amount of other resources. Swight seems satisfied and lets Flame off the hook, but before heading off, Swight gives Flame credit for being able to get him to put his netherite armor on and to stand proud. He tells Flame to become a mercenary himself once it's all over, he then leaves Flame with one last piece of advice: Learn the rest of the items and to find different players with different skills in order to master them. Flame heads out of the base and begins his journey to find his next trainer.

Trivia

This is the 100th video of 
Unstable Universe
.