training with swight my minecraft killer
— 
FlameFrags

I Secretly Trained Got Trained By My Minecraft Killer
 is the 96th episode featured in Unstable Universe.

Plot

FlameFrags
 finds 
Swight
, the third-best PvPer in the world, out in a town looking for students to teach PvP. Flame recognizes the banner pattern on his shield is similar to one of 
The Law
, so he goes invisible, and Swight picks him up as a student. Swight is suspicious of Flame for not talking and being completely invisible, so Flame puts on a voice changer and heads to Swight's dojo. All of them head to the arena, and Swight teaches his students the basics of sword combat first. He fights them one on one, and Flame purposely plays badly at first so Swight doesn't suspect anything. Once Swight gives him a tip to improve, Flame trades hits with Swight, which impresses him. Next is shield disabling. Swight teaches them a technique to disable shields using their sword and axe at the same time. The other students fail to; Flame does it, and 
Yungy
 also manages to do it. Swight eliminates the students who did the worst and takes the remaining students to an archery range for practice and lets them chill for a minute. While Swight is gone, the other students press Flame for being invisible and having a voice changer and find it weird that he learned the techniques as soon as he was told how to. Swight returns and brings them back to the front of the dojo and sends the students on a mission that will test their real-world skills; he assigns them into two different groups to get the payments that he has yet to claim and to be aware of bandits around.

Flame and his group follow the compass, which directs them to a cave where usernames are shown underground; they gear up and go down into their base. Flame tries to talk to the people living in the base to see if they can get their treasures and leave, but they say it's inside of their base, so they own it, so Flame pots up and attacks them. Flame pops one of their totems, which Flame realizes would be bad since it would reveal his name, so he makes it his goal to keep his teammates alive so they can kill the bandits instead and in order to show that he can protect them. The bandits kill one of Flame's groupmates; Flame weakens the bandits and constantly webs them and lets Shandrea, his other groupmate, get the kills. They head back to the dojo; Swight is disappointed that they lost a player but still retrieved the loot nonetheless. Yungy and his groupmate 
Fredrick3D_
 return with the loot but had it easier, only having to deal with one bandit. During the elimination process, Yungy argues that Flame's group should be eliminated for losing a player, but Swight counts the loss as the elimination. 

The next strategy Swight teaches them is how to drain a player's water bucket when webbed; he lets them split into two groups to train on each other. Yungy goes with Shandrea, leaving Flame with Fredrick. During the practice, Flame's invisibility gets low, and when he places his shulker box, Fredrick steals it. Flame digs underneath the arena and hides; he tries to get to the auto-brewery to obtain more, but Fredrick mines towards him. Flame gets to the auto-brewer, gets invisibility, and gets Fredrick to give his shulker back. Back at the arena, Fredrick flexes that he beat Flame in a fight, and Flame says otherwise. Yungy defends Fredrick by saying Fredrick had better utility and beat Flame badly. Yungy accuses Flame of being somebody pretending to be bad to get advice from Swight, but Swight says he doesn't care about his identity or where he comes from, only to see people's true skills, and he makes Flame and Fredrick have a rematch; Flame beats Fredrick with ease. This time around, Swight eliminates two players, being Fredrick and Shandrea. Fredrick doesn't want to leave and decides to attack Swight, promptly causing Swight to fight back and kill him.

Swight's last task to see who gets to be his partner is to fight two elite bandits; he claims they are way better than them and will be hard to beat without proper training. While walking to the location, Flame and Yungy converse, and Yungy says Flame is cheating because he uses invisibility and doesn't know anything about him, which makes it unfair. They spot the bandits in the distance and pot up and go in for an attack. The bandits use TNT minecarts, which makes them play more cautiously. Yungy's armor durability gets low, and he runs away. The bandits say that it was embarrassing that Flame's teammate left, but Flame says he won't back down, but the bandits see it as a waste of time and walk away. Flame follows them back to their base and demands to fight again. The bandits say nothing will change if he tries fighting them again. Flame lets his invisibility run out and reveals his identity and starts fighting the bandits. Flame pops their totems, and they run deeper into their base; one of the bandits blows themselves up, and the other runs further down into the base. Flame continues to follow them and kill them. Flame returns to the dojo; walking up, he hears Yungy talking to Swight. He says that he ran from the fight and says that Flame died in the fight. As he said that, Flame shows up right behind him and surprises Yungy. Flame corrects him by saying he took the fight and killed both the bandits and that Yungy was the only one that fled. This showed Swight enough to eliminate Yungy, leaving Flame to be his sidekick. Yungy calls Flame a fraud before heading off. Swight pushes his mission with The Law to the side and starts a mission that he and Flame can do and tells Flame to follow him.

Trivia

This video was originally titled "I Secretly Trained With My Own Killer", before being changed to "I Secretly Got Trained By My Minecraft Killer".

One of the elite bandits, TBotWarrior54, had a sword named after Orbitorn and had his skin on. However, Orbitorn said he did not play the bandit.

Flame refers to Wemmbu as a friend in this video, even though he has always considered him a rival.