this video is the FINALE for a very good reason... btw i was the director !!!
— 
Spoke

I Spent 100 Days Trapped in a Minecraft Void Base...
 is the 44th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

Spoke sees an abandoned base or so he thought until he sees 
JumperWho
. Spoke decides to hold out until Day 2 and that's when he saw Jumper showing off her base to the rest of 
Bounty Assassin Team
. Spoke drank invisibility and followed them inside.

Spoke realises he had hit the jackpot for getting rich and realizes the base was suspended above the void. Spoke sees 
full netherite invisible players
 roaming the halls. On day 3, Spoke decides to explore the base. The base had areas to grow trees, mushrooms, and a mob grinder that seemed to be non-functional. On day 4, Spoke decides to eat some bread in the corner to muffle as much sound as possible so the base members don't hear him. On day 5, Spoke listened in on the conversation between Jumper and 
ParrotX2
. On day 6, Spoke is almost caught by 
Derapchu
, Parrot and Jumper. On day 7, Spoke hid from the spies. On day 8, Spoke found a vent. On Days 9 and 10, Spoke found more vents and explored them. He also found a bedroom of the spies that held invisibility. Spoke finds their meeting room. On day 11, Spoke got so lost he ended back up in the main room. Spoke found their map but he didn't know how to read it with just numbers. Spoke stumbled across a massive storage room and a cemetery. On day 12, Spoke roamed around the halls and eventually, stumbled across their server racks and control room that turned off/on lockdown, the lights, airlocks, etc... 

On day 13, Spoke made it back to the main room and found out how to get to the bedrooms. Spoke listens in on a meeting between Parrot, Derapchu, Jumper and 
Leow0ok
. On day 14, Spoke was back in the main room. On day 15, Spoke was cutting it thin on food so he tried to figure out which number on the map meant "food". Eventually (after roaming around) Spoke found their farm and took some bread. On day 16, Spoke is caught eating a carrot in the farm by Parrot and tells Jumper and Derapchu to lockdown the base. Spoke hides in the vents avoiding Jumper and Derapchu who are checking the vents. Parrot thinks this invisible player is 
The Director.

On day 17, Spoke decides this is his time to escape. Spoke fails to make it to the top due to his lack of firework rockets. On day 18, Spoke is caught by Parrot up in the ceiling, On day 19, Spoke barely escapes from Leow0ok. Spoke jukes them. On day 20, Spoke goes back into the control room and turns off the lockdown mode. Spoke turns everything off turning the base pitch black. On days 21 and 22, Spoke evades Jumper and Parrot. Parrot tells Jumper to fill the entire vents with water so they will either drown or must have access to a respiration III helmet. 

On day 23, Spoke listens to Parrots plan to remove any materials that are used to make invisibility potions. Spoke is caught in the vents but yet again he escapes from them. It was day 24 and 25, Spoke was running out of invisibility to stay hidden. Spoke found enough invisibility to last him 5 days in the potion room. Parrot decides to remove all sugar cane. Initially Spoke was confused on why Parrot told Jumper to remove sugarcane but that's when it hit him; sugarcane is an essential ingredient of making paper and therefore, firework rockets. Theoretically, Spoke could escape by flying out below the bedrock but the closest void hole was 50k blocks away. On day 26, Spoke stumbled across a flower room. On days 27 and 28, and 29 Spoke explored the vents hoping to find materials in the spy rooms.

Spoke didn't know who the Director was but he thought it was a cool name so he addressed himself as the director. By day 30, Spoke was running out of invisibility again. so he tried to find an ender chest. On days 31 and 32, Spoke went into the meeting room hoping  to meet an ender chest. Instead he saw Parrot. On day 33, Spoke left the meeting room in search of an ender chest. Throughout day 34, Spoke stalked his enemies. On day 35, Spoke saw a spy place an ender chest and realize he can't mine it due to the mining fatigue. On day 36, Spoke was on his way to his secret base to find he was locked out due to the mining fatigue. Day 37, all the cows were massacred. On day 38 there was no milk in the storage room either. On day 39, Spoke located the optimal tunnel that led to 3 different spy rooms conducting that milk was probably in one of the spy rooms. it took Spoke until day 40 to realize the map was actually useless and flipped. On day 41, Spoke swam into the graveyard. On day 42, Spoke nearly drowns. On day 43, Spoke brew some invisibility potions until on day 44, a random spy came into the room and started drinking all of his invisibility potions. 

On day 45, Spoke wanted to break an ender chest but Derapchu was in the other room. On day 46, Spoke saw and spy thought that he couldn't be cooler than the moonwalking spy. By day 47 Spoke was banking on the mob farm but it didn't. On day 48, Spoke almost gets caught by a spy. Spoke stumbles into a mysterious empty room on day 49. On day 50, Spoke explored the library finding hidden trapdoors disguised as decorative blocks. On days 51, and 52 Spoke started fishing. On day 53, Spoke went into his base and turned on toggle sneak to sleep. On day 54, Spoke tries his attempt at fixing the mob grinder. On day 55 Spoke finds a spy riding a pig. Spoke crafted rockets on day 56 and flew into the mod grinder. On day 57, Spoke tried getting out but he placed his boat out of reach so he was trapped. On days 58 and 59, Spoke went to listen to BAT's next meeting. On day 60, Spoke swapped important items with useless items. On day 61, Spoke threw out all of the food. On day 62, Spoke broke the auto-brewer. On day 63, Spoke tried breaking all the fishing rods, On day 64, Spoke gambled. On day 65, Spoke built laughing face emojis all over the floor. Spoke sees Parrot set up a decoy room. Spoke enters the decoy room alerting Parrot know Spoke was still in the base. 

On day 66, Spoke realizes he could make their lives as miserable as possible. On day 67, Spoke attempted to start a famine by breaking all the crops. On day 68, Spoke destroys all their fishing rods. On day 69, Spoke dropped all their saplings and bonemeal. On day 70, Spoke destroyed all the nether wart and re-broke the auto-brewer. On day 71 Spoke tried trolling the mysterious room. On day 72, Spoke removed all the lapis lazuli. On day 73 and 74, Spoke fell into a trance of walking in a circle. On day 75, Spoke tried breaking a block for a full minute. Spoke broke a block and now there was hole that lead into the void. Spoke hangs a cat named "whiskers" but he accidentally dropped it in the void. On day 76, he hangs a cat named "Kittens" over the void hole. He also poured buckets of water in the water filtration room. On day 77, Spoke scraps the idea of replacing the water in the fishing pond with lava. On day 78, Spoke crafts 32 tnt and turns  the 1 tnt into a TnT minecart. 

On day 85, 86, 87, and 88, Jumper discovers the map to be messed up. Spoke places sign saying "I AM THE DIRECTOR". A spy informs them of the water room attack in day 76. Spoke places another sign saying "THE DIRECTOR IS HERE". Jumper and Parrot find out Spoke hang their pets dangling over the void. Jumper attempts to rescue them but Spoke breaks the lead killing all of the pets. Spoke then places a lot of dirt attempting to lock them in their own base but Jumper has milk and mines out.  On day 89 Spoke makes a TnT Minecart trap, and multiple void holes to kill people. On day 90, Spoke's void hole kills the pig riding spy. On day 91, Jumper investigates but accidentally falls in but since she had an elytra she escapes the trap. On day 92 Spoke makes a cart trap. On day 93, Spoke sees Parrot stashing armor in the chest labeled with an oak door. 

On day 94, Spoke interrupts the meeting and leads them to the cart trap and pulls it failing to kill them. Spoke tries to escape but fails. They chase Spoke around the base. On day 95, 96, 97, 98, 99, and 100 Spoke attempts to make Leow0ok betray but fail. Spoke is eventually captured. Spoke is placed into custody but escaps via chorous fruit. Frustrated, they reluctantly accept Spoke had escaped.

Trivia

The video was originally titled "100 Days TRAPPED in a Minecraft Void Base".

Navigation