ive been stalking 
ashswag
 ever since the war ended, and he led me to his secret base... it was time to get the ultimate revenge and ruin his life!!!!!!!!!!! sneaky snitch style
— 
Spoke

I Spent 100 Days Hidden in a Secret Minecraft Base...
 is the 32nd episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

After destroying 
The Invisible Mafia
, 
Spoke
 stalks 
ashswagg
 for weeks on end and stumbles across his hidden base, 
Point Nemo
. On the first day, ash goes out of the base and flies away, Spoke uses this as an opportunity to sneak into the base to look around, he then spots 
Squiddo
 and hides until he sees her go down a hidden path. On day two, he promises himself to stay inside of the base for a hundred days without being caught, he goes around finding more hidden entrances throughout the base, finding valuables as he goes along. On the third day, he decides to make his own secret base inside of the secret base. Over the next few days, he upgrades his base and makes hidden places where he can spy on ash and Squiddo, eavesdropping on their conversations. At one point, ash mentions needing to decorate the Dragon Egg room, which confirms that he still has the egg and is located inside of the base. Spoke wonders around and accidentally sets off pressure plates, playing noteblocks with a creeper head above it and emitting a creeper sound. He hides in the water as his invisibility runs out, hearing that ash and Squiddo were now on high alert and believes somebody is in the base, but in the end believed that it was something else they built that set it off. Spoke wanders around the base more and finds out about more hidden bases, he then sets up a room inside of his secret base to map out all of the rooms he's discovered. Days go by, and Spoke realizes in one of the tunnels he always headed left instead of straight, which lead to a secret Nether themed room with a portal. He sees Squiddo leaving the Nether as he came by, and goes in the Nether after her, the Nether has tons of Nether materials and a fountian of lava in the middle. Squiddo comes back to grab lava, Spoke hides in the fountain using fire resistance, and Squiddo mentions how the fountain of lava wasn't necessasry and picks the lava up. She leaves the Nether before the fountain is fully drained, and before Spoke's fire resistance ran out.

Afterwards, Spoke makes more secret entrances leading to his base, he spots Squiddo in a direction he's never seen before. He goes to investigate and sees Squiddo in her own hidden room, talking to her pet animals and building a house for them. While spying on Squiddo, Spoke's invisibility is about to run out, he's not able to drink more as Squiddo will hear it, so he parkours up on the clouds on the walls and up onto the corner of the roof. Squiddo doesn't spot him and he makes a tunnel leading back to his base from there. Spoke goes around the base and finds more hidden bases, where he finds a dragon head, which is considered rare on the server. One of the hidden entrances lead to a strange room with a bunch of mobs, Spoke gets anxious about getting caught with all his items, so he goes back. He sees Squiddo going through another direction that he's never seen before, he figures out how to activate the secret door, but it lead to only a room with a tree. He sits there for a few days until he decides to leave it, ash decides to come back on the same day and informs Squiddo that items have started to go missing from their chests. Ash says they need to set up more traps inside of the base and that if even one person knows where the base is, the entire thing would be compromised. For the next few days, Spoke builds more escape tunnels and looks for more traps and alarms. The next day, he realized that he never went through the room behind the lava wall, which lead to a strange meeting room with a room behind a painting, which was even more odd. The next day, he gets use out of the meeting room and overhears ash mentioning wanting to do a trade with Reddoons, the richest player on Unstable. Spoke plans on intercepting the trade and becoming the richest player himself. Over the next few days, he tries to look for the villager that was for trade, with no leads, he decides to watch one of them and follow them. He follows Squiddo down to a new hidden base, which lead down to an automatic sorter, but the room had no way out, so Spoke trapped himself down there for a day or two. Eventually, he finds a block of powdered snow disguised with the white carpets, where he finds tons of chickens in a hole with potions of wind charging and harming, he uses it to launch all the way up to a skybase full of shulkers.

The day after that, ash comes back and sounds the alarm, questioning where one of his leather armor sets went. Squiddo doesn't know and leads ash to her secret base she was working on, indirectly saving Spoke. He follows and hears ash saying they needed to set more alarms, so Spoke follows Squiddo to see where evrey alarm was placed so he could disarm them all. Squiddo tries to set one up in the mob room, but the mining fatigue didn't let her, so she leaves. Spoke uses this chance to stock up on potions to find any hidden entrances in the room, he finds a trapdoor behind a magma cube that lead to a door that required a passcode, he tries to break through it, but the mining fatigue didn't let him. He tries every other trick, but nothing helps, so he ends up mining the door down, which right after he realized he didn't have to do when there were redstone torches all around him. The room leads to a whole bunch of armor sets, with a few netherite sets, as well as a few weapons. He didn't want to steal yet, so he uses the button behind the armor stands to open another door, but it's too far away to press and run back. He tries to grab a riptide trident hanging above from an item frame, but it falls in the lava, however, he manages to get the other riptide trident. In his attempts to escape, he kills his fish George Junior. The hidden room had nothing inside of it, so he goes back and finds a button that lead to an exit that lead back to the mob room. While examining the mob room, Spoke spotted ash's name swimming out from one of the lava pillars and decides to check out if there were any bases above or under the lava pillars. He finds a lever behind the ghast, which opens the glass underneath one of the pillars, which reveals a stash with tons of rare items, but not the void one that ash mentioned. He sees ash heading down the lava, Spoke panics since he didn't want ash to see any particles, so he makes a portal from the room being built with all obsidian. He heads into the nether and when he went back through the portal, he was back in the hidden nether room and heads back to his base. 

A day later, Spoke makes a grave to bury his pet fish when ash leaves the base, then opens a shulker box full of fishes named George Junior and grabs another one. For the next few days, Spoke stays inside of his base because he was afraid to do anything. On day 67, he hears ash and Squiddo back in their meeting room, who reveals that Reddoons wanted to do the trade in six hours, so Spoke planned on hijacking the trade for himself. Spoke still had time before the trade, so he scouts out every room in case he missed anything, he tried to go back to the obsidian vault using the Nether, but the Nether portal in the hidden room lead to a random location in the Nether. He goes through another portal nearby and finds an ice path with a barrel of boats, once he reaches the end, he sees one of the last few villagers remaining on the server. Next, he goes underneath every chest in the base and makes a huge creates a hopper tunnel that lead to his stash of chests, allowing him to store all of the loot he was planning on stealing. With time still left to spare, Spoke decorates his base more before deciding to steal the villager for himself. His initial plan was to raid the entire base while the trade was happening, but stealing the villager would allow Spoke to get even more loot. He heads back to the hidden room with the villager and builds a railroad leading up to the surface. The water on the surface leaks onto the railroad, and as Spoke pushed the villager up, it drowns to death. The day before the trade, Spoke goes back to the meeting room where the trade would take place and replaced all the blocks underneath the carpet with hoppers, which would go back to his stash. He finishes setting it up as Reddoons arrives at the base, he listens on their conversation and ash tells Reddoons to drop the shulkers of mending books, which disappear out of thin air into the hoppers. Ash and Squiddo are confused, but take Reddoons to the villager and decides to deal with the mending books later. Spoke beats them to the villager room and waits for the chaos to unfold. Reddoons seems very disappointed and tells them to repay him with a villager or his mending books back and storms off. Ash gets Squiddo to look through every chest and count every item in the chests with Spoke following behind. Once all of the chests were accounted for, Spoke begins his raid. He fills up dozens of shulkers all full of their items, leaving the entire base empty handed.

Everything was going according to plan, Spoke planned on storing all the items somewhere else once the hundred days were up, but ash came back to the base and tells Squiddo and tells her how there's been an intruder here for a while and knew about the trade and rigged the room with hoppers. Spoke realized he forgot to break the hoppers that lead to his base, so he grabs a few important shulkers and burned everything else inside of his base. After seeing that they lost everything, ash tells Squiddo to leave and start a new life and apologizes for wasting her time. Throughout the next few days, Spoke tries to follow ash, but he doesn't see his name anywhere in the base. Eventually, he sees ash coming back to the base, but instead of going into the base, he turns left and dropped, so Spoke goes outside to see where he went. He finds a button that opened up a block inside of the cave, so Spoke presses it and enters the void base that they were talking about. Spoke opens up the chests and sees ridiculous amounts of loot, ash appeared to be invisible, he puts on his armor and drinks milk and demands Spoke, still invisible, to unmute. Spoke puts on his armor, but doesn't unmute, ash continues to threaten to kill Spoke if he tries anything. Spoke lets his invisibility run out, which somewhat shocks ash. Spoke explains how he managed to take a few items from ash, but ash says none of the items meant anything and calls Spoke worthless, he says the most valuable thing is long gone and reveals that he offered the Dragon Egg to Reddoons in exchange for the base. Spoke screams at ash for his decisions, he says that he could've traded anything else, and ash tells Spoke how Spoke only thinks about himself. Spoke says he'll find a way to get his hands on the Dragon Egg, before leaving, ash says Spoke will never find himself or truly be happy. On day 100, Spoke feels like he achieved nothing, and would need the Dragon Egg to be rich, so instead of keeping the loot to himself, he traded it all for the coordinates of Reddoons' base.

Trivia

Ashswagg is one of the two people who have a full set of music discs, as they're incredibly rare as mentioned in 
I Explored the Minecraft Great Sea
.

Navigation