Following the first round of the Unstable SMP election, LettuceK called all the remaining candidates into the banquet hall to make an announcement. 
— ParrotX2

I Survived the Unstable SMP Purge
 is the 103rd episode feature in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

The episode starts out with 
ParrotX2
 explaining the current 
Arc
 and how he’s running for king to beat 
LettuceK
, who's 7,000 votes ahead of him. With the second round about to start, Lettuce gathers the other candidates into the banquet hall, getting ready to celebrate. However, things would soon turn upside down. Lettuce explains the rules to the candidates again, in the meantime, outside of the castle came a group of assassins in netherite armor barging in and attempting to kill the candidates. Parrot stays back and watches 
Naparizel
, one of the other candidates, try and fight back. He tries to help Napa by throwing invisibility at him to escape, but Napa stays, knowing that he's dying, he tells Parrot that he knows Parrot will be a good king.

Lettuce calls for an emergency meeting, telling the players a group of assassins killed a candidate as well as a handful of lawmen. Parrot angrily says that Lettuce was the one who told them to live inside the Northern Council for their own safety, but clearly wasn't enough to stop the assassins. Lettuce doesn't reply to Parrot and continue his meeting, he says the rules still remain and only the top four will go on, he then continues by mentioning that Napa wrote a book with instructions in case he ever died during the election. He gave the remaining candidates each 120 votes through a signed book with their name on it, in exactly 24 hours, whoever has all of the books will receive that amount of votes, and lastly, for the next 24 hours, the purge commences, all crime is allowed between candidates in order to receive these books. Parrot steps up again, he believes this should be a civil election, but Lettuce says it was the candidate's rules. Parrot walks up to the lectern and tries to convince the crowd and the candidates to continue the election normally and agree to not resort to violence, but one of the candidates pots up and attacks Parrot.

Parrot goes full invis and pearls into the castle and hides. After a while, Parrot comes out of hiding and goes back to his room to meet up with 
Theo
, but when he gets there, Theo is nowhere to be found. Parrot places down a sign, but is interrupted by 
Purpled
 who is standing outside. Purpled demands the books from Parrot and threatens to take the book by force. Parrot tries to reason with him, but Purpled doesn't want to hear him out, so he sends his guards up to Parrot's room. Parrot sets up an automated dispenser to shoot arrows down the ladder as Purpled builds up and gets to Parrot. They start attacking Parrot just as Theo comes into distance, Parrot asks Theo to help, and Theo tells Parrot to run and that he has it under control. It then switches to Theo's perspective, he says that Parrot saved Purpled's life back in the 
Far Lands
 and that Theo should've killed him back then. Purpled says he doesn't care and says he would kill Theo even if that means winning the election. Theo pearls in and uses TNT minecarts, exploding his two guards, killing them in seconds. As Theo and Purpled were fighting, Parrot went to Merchant City to stock up on resources for the purge. Theo is shown winning the fight, and Purpled decides to run, Theo chases for a second, but says he doesn't have time to continue and starts to look for Parrot. Half an hour later, Parrot makes it to Merchant City, he decides to buy different types of arrows, since he's more skilled at bow than any other weapons. Afterwards, he decides to find other candidates, which coincidentally, he spots 
Boosfer
 and 
Horace
. He follows them and finds Boosfer attempting to kill Horace with a trap, Parrot intervenes and says Boosfer is attempting to kill someone who has no armor over a book and tries to get him to stop. Boosfer says he will let Horace out if Horace gives him a second book, or if Parrot will. Parrot gives Boosfer his own book, and Boosfer lets Horace free.

They follow Boosfer from behind with invis, who heads to Capital City and asks people around about where 
Fymada
 could be. Boosfer finds Fymada in the garden and demands her to give her book up, but Fymada says someone else already took it from her.When Boosfer asks who, Fymada says the person behind a tree, which was arachn1d, one of the other candidates. Arachn1d starts to attack Boosfer for his books, Boosfer tells him to stop and drops one of his books, but arachn1d knows he has more and presses him for it. Boosfer drops his other books one by one, Parrot pearls in and grabs the last book. Parrot and Horace then team up with Fymada to get their books back, they start to follow arachn1d, who goes thousands of blocks out to camp out, Horace and Fymada begin to build their temporary base as Parrot watches, arachn1d goes into a cave and doesn’t come back out. Parrot goes to their base, Horace asks to see Boosfer’s book and Parrot reluctantly agrees, Horace is shocked that Parrot even did that and says he could’ve ran off with the book. 

Horace asks Parrot what happened to Theo, it cuts back to Theo's perspective, who confuses Parrot with a person named 
PearitX2
, who has Parrot's skin on and with a completely different voice, saying they're using a voice changer, Theo believes it as it would help protect his identity during the purge. Back to Parrot, he spots arachn1d coming out of the cave and had disenchanted his armor and re-enchanted his netherite armor. He starts to book it, and the three start to follow him again, arachn1d then goes down into a cave. They wait outside to see if he ever resurfaces, but nothing comes out of it. Parrot suggests someone goes down to investigate, Horace agrees to go down as a favor since Parrot saved him in the past. Fymada gives him a goat horn to signal if anything goes wrong, and so he goes down. Arachn1d starts to attack Horace and he blows the horn, Parrot gives Fymada Boosfer's book and jumps into the cave. They 2v1 arachn1d, and arachn1d says if they don't stop and hand over their books, he would set off the TNT trap set inside of the cave. Parrot then realized that he disenchanted his armor to enchant it with blast protection. Parrot says he has Boosfer's book and that killing him would be a loss of 120 votes, so arachn1d forces the two to stay inside of the cave for the remainder of the purge.

Parrot messes with arachn1d for a few hours, he then came up with a plan; renaming arrows and shooting them would keep the name, so he renames arrows to send messages to Fymada who is still above. He renames arrows to ask Fymada to make turtle master potions and come down. In the meantime, arachn1d plays Clash of Clans and blares their ears with how loud it is, Parrot and Horace play tic tac toe to kill time. Eventually, Fymada comes down into the cave, arachn1d thinks she came down unknowingly, and holds her hostage as well. The three gather up and Fymada splashes them all with turtle master, Parrot runs to the lever and sets off the TNT. They outnumber arachn1d, knowing he can't do anything with his blast protection armor, he drops all of his books and they all make it out alive. They use a railroad system to back towards the town, Fymada asks Parrot about Theo, who is still with PearitX2, who keeps extorting Theo out of golden carrots. During their way back, Horace falls into a sand trap that was built by Purpled and arachn1d. Purpled betrays arachn1d and tells him to leave, Purpled's demand is all of their books, Parrot lies and says Boosfer took all of their books on their way back, Purpled tells them they have four hours to give him the books and that he'll be waiting at a nearby village and takes Horace hostage. Fymada says they can't give up the books and asks what they're going to do. Parrot replies, "We're going to have to rescue him." 

They sneak up to the viking village, they spot Purpled who is AFK, Fymada has the idea of trying to get a guard to get the location of Horace, so Parrot shoots an arrow at a guard post to redirect a guard's attention and dropping a trail of signs that lead them into the forest, where he shoots the guard into a trap. Parrot asks the guard to write down where Horace is located otherwise he dies, they say he's in the house with the furnace in front, so they begin to head up, and tells the guard that if they try to escape, there's TNT planted underneath. The two sneak their way into houses, looking for the house with furnaces in front. They spot the house they're looking for and dig down, they see Horace encaged above a pit of lava, Parrot takes out the fire resistance arrows from his bundle, Purpled appears right behind them and asks if they're there to give him the books, but Parrot says they're there to save Horace. Parrot questions Purpled's morality and says Purpled might not even free Horace once he receives the books, Purpled says in the situation they're in, he will. Parrot then shoots the target that drops Horace down, then shoots Horace with a fire resistance arrow, saving his life. Purpled chases Parrot to try and kill him, but loses sight of Parrot in a forest.

As they walk together, Horace asks to speak with Fymada privately, Parrot asks to come, but Horace says no. They come back to Parrot, and Horace asks to see the voting books, in which Parrot gives them to Horace. By the time they make it back to the Northern Council, Parrot asks how they should split the votes. Horace says Parrot isn't normal for giving up the voting books that easily, as they're competing against each other. Parrot says they don't have any bad intentions and they're working together and that Lettuce is the enemy, not them. They say that they were testing Parrot to see if he had good intentions, in which he did by trusting the people next to him, and never asking for the books back at anytime. Horace hands over all of the books to Parrot, Horace gives up all his votes to Parrot and endorses him, telling him that he will get his entire civilization to vote for Parrot as well. Fymada says that she would also endorse him. They tell Parrot what they want Parrot to do with the server, but Parrot says he doesn't have to fulfill their wishes and tells them he'll give them positions that would help make the server better, saying that he can't run the server all by himself. Before Parrot heads back to the Northern Council, Horace says the server needs him.

Parrot heads back up to his room, where he sees Theo talking to PearitX2, the impersonator runs away once they see Parrot. Parrot doesn't pursue them and just questions who the person was.

The next scene shows Lettuce and 
Deputy_Ace
, Lettuce admits to hiring the assassins to kill off Napa, Ace is in disbelief that he even killed off a leading candidate and his own lawmen and says he can't keep supporting Lettuce. Lettuce says there was no point in trying to kill Parrot and he didn't think he'd make it to the top four without the purge. He says there's one loose end that he needs to tie up, and that there's no way Parrot could beat him.

The last scene has Parrot and Theo looking at the board, the four candidates remaining are Lettuce, Purpled, Parrot, and Boosfer. Theo says it may be over for Parrot, but Parrot says there's one more way to win the election and that they need to find someone. The episode ends with 
Mechanical God
 by AZALI playing in the back, hinting that the person Parrot is looking for is 
Wemmbu
.

Trivia

In the thumbnail for this video, Lettuce is seen with a crown. Though on 
NameMC
, he has never worn a skin with a crown.

The episode emphasizes Parrot's trust transformation - from avoiding friendships (S2E1, BAT)  to unconditional trust.

A reference to the conflicts in FarLands Civilization is made when Theo says he spared Purpled there.

This is one of the few videos where another player's POV is temporarily shown, this time being Theo's for a second time, the first being in "
Unstable SMP: The First King
".

Unlike previous videos, we see Theo's POV more than once.