After our heist went wrong, we were trapped inside the walls of a massive mining city. Forced to collect diamond blocks until the end of time, we have one goal: escape. This is the story of how I Survived Minecraft's Most Corrupt City.
— 
Parrot

I Survived Minecraft's Most Corrupt City
 is the 18th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

The video begins with 
Parrot
, 
Wifies
 and 
Dean
 attempting to rob one of 
Reddoons
' vaults in 
Capital City
. They get caught by Reddoons and 
5 invisible guards
. Reddoons tells them to clear all their inventories or else they will all die so they proceed in clearing their inventories. Reddoons leads them to the top of his tower and makes them prove they don't have any items smuggled with them by using boats and tells them that if they want to get out, they would need to complete a quota of 10 000 diamond blocks. Reddoons leads them to the mining section of the city. Parrot uses his spyglass in front of Reddoons and he tells him to give him the spyglass or else he will double his quota. Parrot doesn't care about his quota being doubled as long as he keeps his spyglass. Reddoons says he will double the quota of everyone instead and because of Parrot's selflessness, he gives Reddoons the spyglass.  

After the guards leave, Parrot, Wifies, and Dean try to escape by using boats but they get caught by the guards. Reddoons tells Parrot, Wifies and Dean that he will increase the quota to 10 000 diamond blocks per person because of them attempting to escape. Reddoons shows them a vault with tons of diamond blocks with a diamond trimmed Mafia member guarding the room. After getting dismissed, Parrot tries to leave again but Wifies tells him not to because he has to get his spyglass back. 

Wifies gives Parrot a spare spyglass and they explore the mining city. They meet their fellow miners such as 
Ratrick
, 
Pika
 and 
LuigiToan
. They also meet their warden 
CoinMonke
. Parrot goes mining with Luigi. While they were mining, Parrot finds an emerald and gives it to Luigi as a gift for teaching him about what life in Capital City is like. 

During night time, CoinMonke orders everyone to pay him everything they mined. The best payment for the day was 
dizzyu
 as he mined 32 diamonds (3 diamond blocks and 5 diamonds). Parrot tells Luigi not to give away the emerald. After Parrot and Luigi show CoinMonke their payments and he gets disappointed especially at Luigi. The next day, as Luigi tries to guide Parrot more, they get interrupted by CoinMonke telling them to start mining. Without a choice they proceed in doing so. Luigi finds diamonds however he chooses to split the diamonds with Parrot and Dean. They show the diamonds to CoinMonke and CoinMonke is impressed but tells them to keep going. Parrot, Dean and Luigi consider entering CoinMonke's house. Luigi warns them not to but they do it anyways. They get caught by CoinMonke. Wifies gets concerned about what Parrot, Dean and Luigi had been up to and Parrot lies to him saying that he was "just mining".

During their conversation Parrot has an idea to break in to one of the vaults. Parrot asks his fellow miners how badly they want to escape Mining City until they get interrupted by Ratrick saying that he found something crazy in his house. Parrot, Wifies, Dean and Luigi get interested in what he was talking about however CoinMonke tells everyone to start mining again.

Parrot, Wifies, Dean meet Luigi and tell him that they are going to Capital City to break into their vault. Parrot asks Luigi if he can cover for them while breaking into one of their vaults. Luigi agrees as long as they tell him what's in the city. While exploring Capital City, they notice most of the buildings are empty. They enter an art museum but they exit because they don't find it interesting. Upon exiting, Dean points out how the building they had just entered is one of the only furnished buildings which makes Parrot realize that the furnished buildings may have vaults in them. They enter another furnished building which appears to be a library. Parrot notices that most of the walls are chiseled bookshelves while one of them are just regular bookshelves. Wifies also notices a chiseled bookshelf on the wall with normal bookshelves and as they pick up a book, a door opens. At first it doesn't appear to be a vault but after some digging they chests with diamond blocks in them. They steal all the diamonds that they can get and return to Mining City however, during their trip they see Invis Mafia members roaming around. After returning to Mining City, Luigi gets concerned about why they were late and he also splits the diamonds he got to pay the warden. After entering a mine, Parrot gives Luigi all the diamonds he stole and tells them to give them to Coin so that he can leave. Luigi refuses and tells them to give them anyone who has been in Mining City for longer than he has. Parrot gives PikaTM all the diamonds he stole and tells him to give them all to CoinMonke. During payment time, Pika gives CoinMonke all the diamond blocks Parrot, Wifies and Dean gives them. CoinMonke lets Pika out of Mining City.

The next day, Parrot asks Luigi to cover for them again as they would be robbing the vault again. As they enter the vault they steal as much diamonds they can get again. During the heist Dean gets stuck in pistons. As Parrot mines the pistons they realize that they have to fix the door before Reddoons finds out about the door. When they return to mining city it is night time. Parrot, Wifies and Dean notice Luigi is missing. After he finds Luigi they continue paying Coin what they got from mining. The next day Parrot asks the miners about their quotas and they give 
LettuceK
, 
novagriddy
, and 
Cristalit
 all the diamonds they stole. At night, they remunerate the diamonds and are free. CoinMonke gets baffled about how much people have been freed and confronts Parrot, Wifies and Dean. 

The next day, LettuceK submits his diamonds to Coin. Coin gets confused again and Lettuce starts crafting diamond armour and he is freed from Mining City. The next day, everything is normal until Wifies notices a player flying and Coin getting nervous, they all eavesdrop in Reddoons and Coin's conversation. Reddoons points out the library vault was broken into. Coin tells Reddoons that four people have left because they met their quota. Reddoons gets furious and yells at Coin stating that people don't meet quota. Coin shows Reddoons the diamonds that they gave him and Reddoons tells him to investigate. Since Parrot stashed diamonds in a house he realizes that he has to check the houses for a stash of diamond blocks. Coin tells everyone that he is going to check all the houses for anything suspicious like contraband. Parrot finds the barrel where they stashed the diamonds and takes all the diamonds. Coin tells Parrot to tell him where Luigi's house is but Parrot refuses to do so. Coin checks a random house and finds an emerald which happens to be Luigi's emerald. He gives the emerald to Reddoons but Reddoons declines because he doesn't care about the emerald and starts yelling at Coin. Reddoons tells Coin that 
Ash
 is going to kill both of them and tells everyone including Coin to line up.

Reddoons confronts everyone about the stolen diamonds and tells them that if they come clean they get to leave. 
Lezy
 starts taunting Coin. Luigi captures Reddoons' interest only to ask for his emerald back. Reddoons tells everyone that he will double quota and will decrease Coin's payment. He later decides to triple the quota and increase the security. The next day, Parrot, Wifies and Dean decide to rob another vault however they find string which will trigger an alarm. They return to Mining City because they are unprepared. Since it was night, they decide to go to Coin to give them their diamonds but they notice that he is missing. They decide to look inside his house and look at all the chests there until Coin finds them in his house. He also notices a stack of diamonds missing which Dean stole. 

The next morning, Parrot, Wifies and Dean break in to the vault again. They need wool so that they don't trigger the sculk sensors. They ask Luigi if he has wool but Luigi doesn't have any but he tells them that Ratrick, Puki and Finiahn can smuggle some. They pay them to smuggle some wool and some TNT minecarts. After they obtained the wool and TNT minecarts, Parrot decides to distract everyone by blowing up one of the towers in mining city and while everyone is investigating they rob the vault. Wifies sends Parrot and Dean the red string texture pack making it easier to locate the string. They successfully steal all the shulkers with diamonds alongside some of the diamonds in the chests. 

Upon returning to Mining City, they talk about the diamonds they looted and although they were unaware, Reddoons was listening to their conversation. He confronts them about their plan and the diamonds and Parrot asks Reddoons where Coin is. Reddoons says that they will be dealing with him now because of how easy it is to take advantage of Coin. Reddoons reveals that he knew about the tripwire in the vaults and they actually activated one. They keep acting oblivious and because of this, Reddoons decides to fill their inventory with boats again. Parrot tells Dean to distract Reddoons while they put all their shulkers in pots. After the inventory checks, Reddoons finds out that they don't have anything suspicious in their inventory but Reddoons is still suspicious about them hiding the diamonds. 

Parrot tells Ratrick and Finiahn to give him clay for 16 diamond blocks. and he tells everyone to turn the clay into bricks so that they can make replacement pots after they get shulkers from the pots and Parrot also admits that he stole from Reddoons' vaults. Parrot tells everyone to bury their shulkers because he can use it as leverage against Reddoons to free some people. The next morning, Parrot sees Reddoons and he immediately tells them to go to the tower. He once again confronts them about the diamonds they stole and brings up the pots but Parrot continues to act dumb. He tells them that if he doesn't return the diamonds, things are going to get much worse for them.

After Parrot, Wifies, Dean and Luigi return to Mining City they see a new structure. They check it out and it appears to be a roulette table. They try the roulette table and tell everyone else about it. CoinMonke returns however he tells them that there is now a maximum quota of 9 diamonds per day and he also explains how the roulette table works. Whoever has the lowest quota for the week has to gamble for their life. If it doesn't land on the colour they picked, they get executed. Coin also gives Luigi his emerald back because Reddoons said so. 

After the end of the week Coin assembles everyone for the roulette game. Parrot and Dean had the lowest quota so they had to play the roulette game. Parrot loses therefore he has to get executed by Coin, Parrot tells Coin to kill him however, Coin says he can't kill him. Parrot talks to Coin about what happened. Coin said that he doesn't like killing. Parrot uses Coin defying Reddoons as leverage and get him to tell him how the vaults work. Coin tells him that one of the vaults have 3 codes.  

Parrot, Wifies and Dean break in to that vault and find the codes in question. One had a lever where you have to click on the lever on the right, the other one had crafters where you had to figure out how much slots are required to open the door, and at last there were buttons. They had to get shulkers because they had none. 

They returned to Mining City to get Coin to give them shulkers. Coin tells him that he has one last chance to do this because Reddoons is going to completely lock down his vaults. Parrot goes mining with Luigi and Parrot tells Luigi that he will do an attack on Capital City. Parrot asks Luigi what he would do after he leaves Mining City. Luigi said that he will go to a city in the 
Far Lands
. The next day they find Reddoons flying into Mining City again to have another talk with Coin. Reddoons talks about how Coin is always a pushover and how he needs to actually kill someone. Coin goes to the roulette table and Reddoons tells 
Naparizel
 to go first. He wins therefore Reddoons doesn't get Coin kill him. Lezy interferes with Naparizel's turn so he's next. Parrot tries to stop Reddoons but he decides to pick Luigi instead. Luigi picks a colour but Reddoons denies both of his picks and tell him that he's choosing green despite there being no green on the roulette table. After this, Reddoons gets excited and tells Coin to kill Luigi and even encourages him to do it but Coin refuses. Reddoons gets fed up and kills Luigi himself and fires Coin.

Everyone stands there in shock of what just happened. Wifies tells Parrot that now everyone knows they can't just stand there and they have to try to leave. During Luigi's funeral, they plan on starting a revolution and attacking Capital City. Parrot and Wifies made a speech about how they can use the diamonds as leverage to get Reddoons to free everyone so they have to steal all of them and also fight off the Mafia members there. As they all gear up Parrot gives a final speech declaring war on Capital City. Parrot, Wifies and Dean set a stasis chamber that Coin should pull. They break in to the vault in the tower. 

After breaking into the vault they see a bunch of empty chest minecarts. They kept cycling them until the minecarts had the diamonds inside them. However, they get caught by Reddoons. Reddoons tells them about the rest of Mining City being captured again. Parrot tells Reddoons that if anyone dies, the diamonds are gone. Reddoons takes them back to Mining City where Parrot finds everyone sitting there with no armour or tools in the roulette dome. Reddoons tries to convince Parrot to give him the diamonds and if he wins, he gets all his diamonds back and everyone stays in Mining City, but if he loses, he still gets the diamonds but everyone can leave. Reddoons choses to pick green instead of red or black and tells Parrot that if it lands on red or black he wins. After the roulette game, everyone gets freed, Reddoons gets his diamonds back and Parrot gives one final speech before everyone leaves. Reddoons shows Parrot that he actually won the roulette game and he let everyone out because that's what he wanted to do. 

Reddoons tells Parrot, Wifies, and Dean to take off all their armour and he also gives Parrot his spyglass back before he takes them to Ash. Dean tries to walk away because he doesn't want to be around Ash anymore after he 
got freed from The Mafia
 however, Wifies tells Dean to stay because if they wanted to kill them, they would've done it already. Ash points out that Dean is afraid of him and uses this as an opportunity to invite them to The Mafia. He also lets them know that the roulette table was his idea. He then states that you can control someone if they fear something and starts making fun of Luigi's death alongside Reddoons before telling them that if they joined the Mafia they would be gold or even diamond players. He realizes that they won't join so he tries to force them and gives them invisibility pots and Parrot throws them. They tell Ash that they still wont join so he gets the invisible players standing behind him to kill him if they don't join in 10 seconds. Ash tells them that The Mafia is going to take over the server before CoinMonke pulls their stasis chambers. Coin tells them to get everything they could before The Mafia finds them. Parrot finds Luigi's emerald inside a chest in his house. He grabs the emerald before telling Wifies that he has to get out of Mining City.

Gallery

Thumbnail

This thumbnail, like 
Escaping Proton; Minecraft's Most Secure Prison
 depicts 
Parrot
 (left) holding out a pickaxe and looking at a huge building (part of Capital City). The pickaxe symbolises the mining diamond quota that each prisoner was sentenced to.