I am going to be stalking him, until he either quits the server, or gives me what I want. 
—  
SpokeIsHere

I Survived 100 Days Inside a Hidden Minecraft Base
 is the 35th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

Immediately after the events of the 
previous episode
, 
Spoke
 takes off to find Red. Spoke buys coords from Jaron, but ends up getting scammed. He proceeds to stalk and follow Jaron and Red until he finds their base. While inside, Spoke follows them in invis, finding secret rooms and pulling tricks on them. When Spoke accidentally kills Jaron and Reds pet, a white fox, he goes to PlanetLord, a player who he used to be allied with, and had collections of rare pets, including a white fox. Spoke replaces the fox whom he killed with the one from Planet, and tries to go back about his days. However, he finds the Mapicc and Planet have followed him, marking their first interaction since the Season One Finale. They ask why he is stalking these players, and Spoke claims it is because Reddoons killed his pet fish. He tries to force the duo to leave, however they refuse to.  Mapicc refuses to leave his side, and they go about stalking Jaron and Red. Back in their hidden area away from Red and Jaron's space, the three of them have a bedroom building contest, spoke going for a minimalist style, whereas Planet and Mapicc both went for more maximalist styles. After planet accidentally blows up his room and a portion of Mapicc's, Spoke declares that he wins by default. They three of them argue for a moment before Mapicc says that they should invite Squiddo, Mapicc and Planet reminisce about Squiddo and their friendship, but Spoke shuts them down, claiming she is too busy with commissions. He tells them to go make tunnels instead. Shortly after this, Planet discovers the shulker box full of George Jr. fishes (that he uses to replace the fish after they die or he kills them), and Spoke forces him into silence, telling him to never tell Mapicc. Mapicc and Spoke discover a secret puzzle room and they try to walk across, however they are bombarded by arrows and the door still does not open. They attempt over and over ago to unlock but are unsuccessful until Planet claims he saw Yeah_Jaron complete the room. They try to complete it using the information they have, but are unsuccessful, until they look up and see the path carved onto the ceiling. They follow this path and discover a hidden room on the other side, an armory filled with netherite and diamonds. They also find a room that looks like it was meant to be a villager trading hall, however it is empty with the exception of a single farmer. After this, they pull a series of cruel pranks of Jaron, who is giving a base tour to his friend BaconnWaffles0. Bacon turns away from Jaron and shuns him, leaving the base. Shortly after this, they conduct the final raid, stealing endless amounts of valuables. Mapicc is caught by Jaron, but Planet takes the fall for them, urging the duo to complete the raid. Jaron gives chase to Planet, and eventually Spoke and Mapicc step in to ensure Planet doesn't get harmed. They fight for a while until Red logs on, and they argue verbally. Red goes to get the Dragon Egg, and Spoke chases him, trying to steal it before Red gets it. They pass the Egg around from party to party for a while until Red gets it and puts it in his ender chest. With this, Spoke turns to the viewer and explains that this was not the outcome he needed, nor wanted. He exclaims that he is going to stalk Red until he dies, quits, or gives him what he wants. He says that he is going to be the force that tears Red from his wealth, and says a variety of other ominous and cruel things. With that, the episode ends.

Trivia

The video was originally titled "I Survived 100 Days Inside a Hidden Base".