Mist 2
— 
FlameFrags

I Took Over the Minecraft Mist
 is the 127th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

FlameFrags
 begins the episode by explaining that he's going to fight 
Mistrul
, the leader of the 
Mist civilization
, one of the most powerful teams on the entire Unstable SMP, which would free all of the members of the civilization from his reign. The first time Flame fought Mistrul, he lost the fight and escaped via a happy ghast until his best friend 
Lomedy
 was shot off.

The episode begins with Flame looking down at where Lomedy dropped off, Mistrul then flies right into the happy ghast, maces it and kills it, leading to Flame dropping down and wind charge clutching. At the bottom are huge ice spikes, Flame looks in the general vicinity for Lomedy, unfortunately for Flame, Mistrul drops down and demands a rematch right there. Flame thinks he's cheap for wanting another fight when he is unprepared and that Mistrul had time to restock himself. Mistrul calls him a coward and blows a horn, which signaled hundreds of Mist members run in and join the fight. Flame tries to mend his armor before they catch up, Mistrul lands a mace hit instantly, and he isn't able to get any free time on the high ground, as the players all have wind charges of their own. Flame decides to run due to the sheer amount of players and his game performance started to drop. Mistrul taunts him for being a combat master running away and says Flame will never escape the Mist. The camera moves to a player sitting on top of an ice spike throwing an invis potion down for Flame, Flame notices it and goes full invis and hides inside an ice spike. Mistrul says he has won the duel and tells his players that they're going to hunt Flame. For Flame, the bigger problem is that Lomedy is missing stuck in the middle of nowhere, so he goes to find him. He runs around cluelessly yelling Lomedy's name until he sees a player glowing on top of an ice spike. He wind charges up and notices it's another player, 
NotSkrilley
. Skrilley explains that Flame needs his help and that he knows everything about the Mist that most players don't. Flame doesn't believe him at first, but gives in only under one circumstance; if he leads him away from Lomedy, he's dead.

They traverse through the Mist terrain, Flame asks why they're heading this specific way, Skrilley says if Lomedy had any sense, he would hide. Flame then asks where he's taking him if he knew where Lomedy could be, Skrilley explains that the Mist is bigger than he thinks and that it's hidden from the server. Before he got trapped, he was an explorer with his friends that thought they discovered something new and found the routes until Mistrul found them and forced them to work for the civilization. Flame asks why he hasn't escaped yet, and Skrilley says it's not as easy as he thinks and that there's an ice wall that's heavily guarded, and if Mistrul found out you even tried, he'd kill you. Shortly after, they make it to Skrilley's village with other refugees. Skrilley gathers them all up and tells them that he found Flame, who would help them escape and kill the Mist if they found Lomedy. Flame agrees to the deal as long as Lomedy is brought back to him safely. They all split off in different directions to go look, Flame and Skrilley keep together just casually talking, one of the refugees, 
Flowtives
, comes up to them and asks to join them. Flame says he's better off alone, but Skrilley insists as Flow is really good at PvP. Flow tells them they should go to the cave since Lomedy may have moved there, Flame doesn't think it makes sense to scatter all over and would rather look where Lomedy had dropped, but Skrilley says he's going with the 
flow
.

As they enter the cave, Flame has a lot of questions, wondering if Mistrul is the leader, Skrilley says there is no real leader, the strongest basically leads the civilization. Flame asks Flow how long he's been there and asks why he hasn't tried to kill his way out, Flow gets irritated by how much Flame is talking and Skrilley tells them both to calm down. They reach the insides of the cave with massive ice spikes all over, Flame calls out for Lomedy's name and complains about how it made no sense to start here rather than start in order. Right in the middle of him complaining, they hear the Mist horn, which means they found something inside of the cave, and if it was them, they'd have to do something quick. Flow has spare Mist armor sets and comes up with the plan of blending in with the army invis. Flame is skeptical at the fact that it has curse of binding in it, but puts it on as he has no other choice if he wants to survive. The three attempt to blend in, Mistrul calls them out immediately and instructs the army to kill them. No matter what they did, they got relentlessly chased, and with no way out as the door got blocked off. Flame realized that they got noticed cause of their invis, so him and Flow get tons of players stuck in a hole and splash all of them with invis, giving them enough time and distraction to run away. Mistrul kills off his own players that are invisible, Flame and the other two manage to successfully escape.

They come to the village with no good news for the rest of the refugees, Flame proceeds to ask if anyone had seen Lomedy, griffincoat6, one of the other refugees, speaks up and says they found Lomedy and spoke to him, they said they were going to bring Lomedy back until several Mist players attacked them. Griffin froze and panicked, knowing he wasn't good at PvP, so he told Lomedy to head to an old escape route, which was a dead end. Flame says they need to get there fast, but they're afraid of losing more of them if they go out again. Griffin asks to be trained in order to be good enough, Flame starts to lose his patience and threatens to kill them all, Skrilley jumps in and calms him down. Griffin says to train them fast and they'll go, Flame angrily agrees, but if Lomedy dies within that time, he'd kill them all. Skrilley gets them over to the training grounds, Flame asks why he's paying his part of the deal now, Skrilley tells him they're scared and asks to train them shortly just enough to survive. Flow says he's making a mistake by training them, if the players show any skill or power and the Mist sees they can't fight back, the players would just get killed. Flame insists on training them, Flow says he's going to head to the tunnel where Lomedy is while Flame goes and messes things up. Flame then goes to the rest of the refugees and explains combat in a very basic manner. While Flame teaches them, he spots tons of usernames at the village and they all head over. Mistrul says he's let this village live for too long and decides to end it there. Flame is unable to see who's apart of his team and who isn't, and with no other choice, he tells Skrilley he has to abandon the rest of his village if he wants to survive. The two run away, Skrilley is in disbelief that he left the rest of his group, Flame apologizes for leaving everyone else behind, he tells Skrilley after they find Lomedy, he'll take on all of Mist himself and Skrilley can leave. Skrilley doesn't want Flame to die for him, he only cared about playing on the server with his friends and having fun. They then head towards the tunnel, Flame tells Skrilley once they find Lomedy, he thinks Skrilley would get a long with him and talks about Lomedy and what he's like. Flame thanks Skrilley for helping him, Skrilley said if he stopped being kind, he wouldn't be himself anymore.

Flame and Skrilley arrive to the escape tunnel and enter in, they see a glowing player and Flame thinks it's Lomedy. As they run closer to the player, it appears to be Flow and a tomb. Flow apologizes and says it wasn't personal, Mistrul then appears right behind saying that the escape tunnel was blocked off and it was only a rumor PvPers told themselves when they were desperate. Flame says he knew there was something off with Flow, Flow tells Flame when he asked how Mistrul was so good, it's because Flow trained him and his job was to never allow anyone to leave the Mist. Mistrul says he should've never came here and thought there wouldn't be consequences. Mistrul tells Skrilley to switch sides or else he dies, Flame says they aren't going to die and keeps his promise of leaving this place. Flame then has a realization, if Flow killed him, where was Lomedy's mace, just as he has that thought, Mistrul breaks blocks beneath them and sets off TNT. Flame and Skrilley down a dropper-like area with ice spikes. Skrilley tells Flame if Mistrul says someone's dead, it really is true, he asks Flame to help him since he's the only person he has left. Flame says he promised to and would keep his word. Mistrul and Flow drop down right after and begin fighting Flame, Flame tells Skrilley to run while he deals with them two. Flow gets Mistrul to get on Skrilley so Flame can have the 1v1 with Flow. During the fight, Flow drops and pops his totem via fall damage, him and Mistrul reunite and fight Flame together. Flame goes up to Skrilley and sees he hadn't left on his own to survive. Flow and Mistrul catch up and combo Flame. In the midst of everything, Flame accidentally throws his sword out and asks himself how he even did that. Flow and Mistrul stop, Flow laughs at Flame for dropping his sword and throws it to Flame because he didn't even want a sword of a "combat master". Flow taunts Flame for losing his composure after finding out Lomedy died. They all make it out of the tunnel, Flame crafts a boat and they ice boat away, leaving Mistrul and Flow behind.

Flame and Skrilley find an abandoned tower to reside in, Skrilley apologizes, and Flame tells him to leave before they find him again. When Skrilley leaves, Flame goes on top of the tower and sits there.

Flame's monologue then plays, Lomedy's death was all of his fault, he regrets putting Lomedy in such a dangerous area such as the Mist. All because of his goal of being a combat grandmaster. It was his every decision that caused the death, and he regrets not giving Lomedy the opportunity to live his life to do everything he liked and enjoyed doing. Flame calls himself pathetic and weak that he couldn't do anything to avenge Lomedy. He knew he wasn't strong enough to fight Mistrul in a 1v1, yet alone an outnumbered battle. Flame remembered he was missing one thing; 
ItzRealMe
 taught him how to enter the zone, Itz believed Flame could reach that part of his mind. Flame couldn't be able to see it because his mind was stuck in the Mist, he hadn't been able to focus, but now that he's alone, he's able to control the zone.

Flame walks into the civilization again and sees Mistrul waiting in the fighting arena. Mistrul notices that Flame is more quiet than usual, but doesn't care and says Flame will still die in the end. The fight begins, Mistrul can already see something has changed in Flame when he starts landing more hits. Mistrul is unable to get Flame low at all, Flame then manages to land a six hit combo on Mistrul, then another eight before Mistrul flies away. Flame pearls right onto Mistrul and hits one more time, this time being the final blow and kills Mistrul. The players of the civilization come out of hiding and start attacking Flame. Flame gets a few picks off, he then goes in his ender chest to get other weapons. When a group of players are all in one place, he places a rail and blows them all up with a TNT minecart. The remaining players run away, Flow walks in and questions what just happened there. Flame gives Flow the remains of Mistrul, they then have an actual fair 1v1 that Flame asked for. During the fight, Flow still tells Flame he has a lot to learn and that he's the most worthy opponent he's had to face yet. With Flow almost dead, Flame tells him to stop and that he's not going to kill him, he wants Flow to live with the same feeling as how he felt. Flame takes Mistrul's Elytra and mace out of his ender chest and throws it to give to Flow. Before Flow could pick it up, Flame burns them both. Flow says those items were beyond any player and that it belonged to the Mist. Flame says he doesn't care and that he gets to live with that, Flow says they only did it to break him, and Flame says that it worked and leaves the civilization to Flow's hands.

Flame rides a happy ghast back to his base, Skrilley shows up and Flame says that he's glad that he was able to come back. Skrilley says he has some good news and brings out Lomedy. Lomedy explains that he ran and hid, he says it was true someone found him and ditched him, so Lomedy acted tough with his mace, which caused the Mist to run away. Flame realized he killed a bunch of Mist members and their leader over his devastation and now has beef with Flow over nothing. Skrilley adds onto it and says he lost all his friends and his village for him, Lomedy says sorry for being bad at the game and that he's just a farmer. Flame and Skrilley jokingly say they're going to kill him and chase him around the base for all of the troubles and grief they just went through.

Trivia

The video is recorded in 4K, whereas most videos are recorded in 1440p.

This video marks the first time in Unstable history where all of the protagonists uploaded twice before 
Wemmbu
.

With A/B testing, the video will either be shown as 1 VS 1000 Player Minecraft War or Finding My Best Friend Who Went Missing.

This is the first Unstable Video to have an enemy POV

The video was originally titled "1 VS 100 Player Minecraft War".

The video was then changed to "1 VS 1000 Player War".