On the Unstable SMP, I made a mistake that could cost me my LIFE, so to make sure NO ONE finds out, I tracked down every witness to rig their secret bases with as many traps as possible...
— 
SpokeIsHere

I Trapped Secret Bases on the Unstable SMP...
 is the 83rd episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

The episode starts off with 
Spoke
 spying on a group of players heading to their secret base. He plans on trapping them inside of their own base, since an hour before they all saw him griefing their village and could snitch on him. For the first group of players, Spoke rigs the staircase and a few more areas of the base. When the players come back, 
Leow0ok
 happens to be with them, doing a trade with them. Once the trade is done, Leo leaves the base. Spoke uses this opportunity to set off a chest trap and killing one of the bystanders. He sets off the staircase trap, but the person manages to clutch. He activates one last trap and kills another player. The last person finds Spoke's hidden redstone area and confronts him. They then try to run away, but Spoke kills them. Spoke cleans up the evidence and sets up more traps for the next group of players who also lived in the base. Spoke sets off a few traps, killing the rest of the group. As he's leaving, he spots spies coming to investigate the base. He tries to trap the spies, but inevitably fails, he then manages to escape without being caught.

Spoke returns to the 
B.A.T. headquarters
 and goes to the library to find the coordinates of the next hidden base. Leo comes up to him and questions Spoke about what he's up to. He brings Spoke to the village that was griefed and asks Spoke what he was doing before. Spoke lies and says he was building with 
Mapicc
. Spoke then begins heading towards the next base, until he notices people following him from behind. He anticipated this, so he goes through the Nether and heads back the fortress that Mapicc was building. As the spies watch over them, Spoke sneaks out of the fortress and heads to the base.

When he gets to the base, three players are spotted, and they soon leave to collect seagrass for their turtle. Spoke sets up his trap once again while they're gone. When they arrive back at their base, Spoke manages to trap two of the three players, and the last one spots him. Spoke then uses a knockback sword to knock them down into a corner, where a backup trap is waiting, killing them. He overheard the players talking about more people coming back, and so he rigs the base with more traps. The players come back, and Spoke floods their base with lava and blowing it up in the process. Spoke looks at the damage he's done, he then sees the spies looking right at him. Spoke then comes up with a plan to kill the spies, since the spies had to neutralize their threats before heading back to base. He lures the spies into a small tunnel and sets off TNT minecarts, one dies to them, and Spoke kills off the other one himself. He then frames somebody else for the crimes he just did. He returns back to the fortress, where Leo is talking to Mapicc. Spoke wonders why Leo is back, and Leo says it's because two spies just died. Spoke acts clueless, but Leo says he knows Spoke was at the secret bases. Mapicc defends Spoke, pretending to be his alibi and saying that Spoke was there with him. Spoke says that the spies were watching them all along, but Leo says the spies only showed up to the secret bases. Leo hints that it could've been 
JumperWho
, the same person who gave Leo the spies he has now.

Spoke then heads to the borders of the amplified lands, revealing that all of the items he's been collecting has been used to pay off his debts for 
Quackenstein123
 and his family. The episode ends with JumperWho and one of her spies watching Spoke from afar.

Trivia

The video's original title was "Trapping Secret Bases on a Hardcore SMP...".