This Minecraft player
 knows a secret... a secret so powerful that it could change Minecraft forever. So, why does he want me to find it?
— ParrotX2

I Uncovered Minecraft's Greatest Secret
 is the 5th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

The episode begins with 
ParrotX2
 describing a mysterious music disk that he received from a player named 
SpokeIsHere
. Upon inserting it into a jukebox with a texture pack Spoke sent him, Parrot receives a message telling him that there is a huge secret in the server and that he should bring a friend to the set of coordinates described in the disk.  

Parrot invites a player called 
Wifies
 to accompany him in this journey and arrives at the first destination, a twin set of medieval towers facing a large stone gate in the side of a hill. Standing on both pressure plates on the towers, the gate on the hill blows up, revealing a large abandoned city complex. The two find a chest containing a music disk telling them to "follow the light,” but right after they open the chest and take the disk out, they hear TNT exploding, so quickly elytra out. Parrot realizes that they must go to the lighthouse in 
Zam Empire
 to find the next clue. Being concerned about how Spoke knew exactly when they had gotten their hands on the disk, Parrot hands 
Wifies
 his prized 
spyglass
 as a token of trust. 

After heading toward the Zam Empire, Parrot and Wifies don't find anything significant and instead encounter 
Wemmbu
 and 
PrinceZam
, who ask that they hand over the disks and let them take care of the secret instead. Parrot declines and 
Wifies
 splashes himself and Parrot with a potion of invisibility, escaping the clutches of the Zam Empire leader after a tense battle. Parrot and Wifies return to the lighthouse, noticing that it is blinking and decode it as a Morse code message which translates to "minus 64,” or the y level of -64 (in the void). 

After searching under the lighthouse, Parrot and Wifies discover a staircase leading to the void. They find another music disk telling them to fly in the void for two thousand blocks north, but after flying to the destination, they find a group of shulkers and a hole in the bedrock that was blocked off with obsidian. Parrot and Wives return to the hole they entered, but find that that hole has been blocked off as well. They return to the shulkers, running low on fireworks, and decide to fly to the void base of 
JumperWho
, but with Wifies too low on fireworks to make it, they come up with the solution of using fishing rods to conserve. 

Barely surviving the void, Parrot and Wifies play the new disk, which gives them the code of 9783, the password to PrinceZam's vault. Parrot and Wifies splash themselves with a potion of invisibility, and after sneaking past 
FlameFrags
 and 
ManePear
, they enter the vault where they grab the next disk and a lodestone compass just before 
Merffinn
 comes out of AFK. The two head to their destination, where a lodestone floats in the air in an ice spikes biome. Confused about where the next clue is, Parrot replays the message over and over again until they figure out that the "riddle" in the message is hidden in the phrase "it's pretty straightforward, it gets pretty straight to the point." After following a straight line between the point of a nearby ice spike and the lodestone, they find a chest beneath the ice containing another lodestone compass. 

Parrot and Wifies yet again follow the directions until they find a giant ice mountain with its insides carved out. An invisible player waits for them at the bottom in front of two large chests beside a parkour course that leads all the way to the top. He motions for them to put all their items in the chest before starting the parkour. They manage to make their way to the top with lots of close calls and retrieve their gear from two double chests as well as a third one that holds a lodestone compass and the next disk. They listen to the disk, which was just Spoke telling them good job and to continue finding the secret. Parrot then brings up the question of why he would want him to bring a friend, but they ignore that and head to the next location. 

Parrot and Wifies arrive at a giant obsidian dome and are greeted by the same invisible player that was waiting for them at the parkour. He places down two double chests and they put their stuff in it, but Parrot secretly keeps two invis potions and golden carrots. They head into the next challenge, a maze, but soon realize that they need to find the disk and get out as soon as possible because they hear the voices of Wemmbu and PrinceZam, who are likely here to hunt them down. They splash themselves with invis and eventually find their way to the exit, which is blocked, and since they have mining fatigue, they can’t get out. However, Wemmbu finds them and they strike a deal. If Wemmbu lets them go, then he can have the disk and turtle egg in the chest at the center. 

After their encounter with Wemmbu and PrinceZam, Parrot and Wifies decide to set an auto stasis chamber and sneak into PrinceZam’s vault to steal the disk, which will most likely be stored there. They splash themselves with invis, head into the vault, and steal the disk and turtle egg. The guards, ManePear and 
Peentar
, and PrinceZam and Wemmbu attack them. They escape into the nether, but Wemmbu and PrinceZam find them. Parrot tells them that they can work together to find Spoke and after they give him the turtle egg and disk and return to the overworld, he breaks the portal. They escape again and listen to the disk.

Once the turtle egg hatched, Parrot and Wifies follow it all the way to the ocean, where they see a giant shipwreck in the water. On shore, the invisible player is waiting for them again with three double chests. They put their stuff in the first two chests and are supplied with two turtle shell helmets and eight water breathing potions. In the water, they find a shipwreck in the middle and ruins surrounding it. There are four towers surrounding the ship, each containing an item frame that they quickly deduct would have to be containing an item for a big hatch in the corner of the ruins to open. They find all of the items and open the hatch, which leads to an underwater graveyard, where they figure out where the chest is and take the disk and another lodestone compass. 

It leads Parrot and Wifies to a jungle. They split up to search and Parrot finds a jungle temple containing the disk. When played, Spoke tells them to fly to 5000, 5000 in the nether. The invisible player is waiting for them at the coordinates and they put their stuff in the chests again. 

On the other side of the portal is an escape room. Parrot and Wifies successfully complete all of the rooms and drop into a house in the middle of a mesa biome. Upon closer observation, however, the mesa is just a custom escape room inside a 100 by 100 obsidian box. They manage to escape that as well and collect the last disk. Spoke says that they are one step away from learning the secret and that it will change their life. Parrot then brings up the notion that Spoke had him bring a partner to do the scavenger hunt with, as well as the sheer amount of obsidian and manpower needed to complete that escape room. They head back to Parrot’s base and find the invisible player waiting for them there.

The invisible player drinks a bucket of milk and reveals himself to be Spoke all along. He takes Parrot and Wifies to the final obstacle, which is a series of tasks they will complete to determine the player who learns the secret. But here’s the catch: only one player can make it out alive. The other will get chunk banned. Parrot and Wifies debate whether to take the risk or not, but knowing everything they went through, they agree that they’ll figure something out. As they progress through the challenges (a puzzle, redstone parkour, maze, potion obstacle course, another parkour, and a mini escape room), when they reach the end, Parrot and Wifies are tied. However, Spoke has a tiebreaker, which is a game of chess. Parrot takes Wifies aside and they decide to end in a stalemate so Spoke can't ban either of them. 

The plan works, but Spoke refuses to let both of them go. After a long moment between Parrot and Wifies, Wifies asks him if this secret is really worth it. Parrot tells Wifies that he knows what he's going to say, so Wifies gives Parrot his spyglass and steps into the chunk ban.

Once Parrot and Spoke arrive at the surface, Spoke reveals that there is no secret. He just wanted to get revenge on him for something he did in the past. But the problem was that Parrot didn’t have anything of true value that Spoke could take away from him, so he made this scavenger hunt and had Parrot invite another player to join him. The sole purpose of all of these challenges were to bring Parrot and Wifies as close together as possible so Spoke could chunk ban one of them off of the server. He told Parrot that right before Wifies was banned, he could tell that Wifies was doing it for someone he cared about, and from Parrot’s silence, he had lost someone he deeply cared about. 

Parrot is speechless, but then, Wemmbu, PrinceZam, Merffinn, and 
LuigiToan
. arrive. He realizes that they were tracking Spoke the whole time and this was why they wanted to hijack the scavenger hunt so badly. They chase him around the sky and eventually make their way all the way to the chunk ban. 

They are about to kill Spoke when he says, “Parrot, I’m sorry man, but—” and steps into the chunk ban.

Trivia

This is the first 
Unstable Universe
 video to be over 3 hours long.

This episode is where 
Wifies
 has his first debut.

Thumbnail

This thumbnail depicts 
Parrot
 and 
Wifies
 (left, right respectively) looking at a cracked music disc with faintly visible enchanting script in the background.