unstable smp civil war
— Wemmbu

I Went to WAR on a Hardcore Minecraft SMP
 is the 136th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

The Unstable SMP is at war, between 
Cindercrest
 and 
Parrot's Kingdom
. 
Arachnid's Kingdom
 is allied with Cindercrest, and together they have won many battles in order to take over Parrot's Kingdom. However, 
Arachn1d
 wants to betray Cindercrest, as when the war is over, 
Saparata
 will take on the role as king. Instead, Arachn1d wants his kingdom to rule the server, instead of Cindercrest.

Wemmbu
 gets tasked by Arachn1d to defeat the warrior Saparata placed in charge at 
Steampunk City
, which is 
ShoeBilly
. He also says it is crucial Wemmbu does not ban anyone or use orbitals. During the fight, Wemmbu spears an innocent player, going against Arachn1d's orders. Shoebilly later pops all of Wemmbu's totems, forcing him to start running. However, Wemmbu manages to regear under a pipe while Shoebilly blows it up. After this, Wemmbu traps ShoeBilly in webs and Stab Shots him (once again going against Arachn1d's orders), breaking his helmet and forces him to start retreating. Wemmbu lets ShoeBilly go, saying that it is a warning from Arachn1d. 

Wemmbu returns to the 
Spider Web Faction
, only to get scolded by Arachn1d for using a stab shot during their battle as well as killing several civilians. Due to this, 
Eggchan
, who was previously allowed slight freedom and was living in 
Codmaster
's house, had to return to his cell. Egg's stasis was then pulled, and was forcefully returned to his cell.

Due to Wemmbu's duel with ShoeBilly, Cindercrest was not happy, and an army of 100 players led by 
FlameFrags
 showed up to the Spider Web Faction. Wemmbu was tasked to "deal with the situation". Wemmbu and Flame holds a small conversation, with Wemmbu saying the 100 players were not required here, as they both know Wemmbu's going to ban them all easily. Due to that, the 100 player army retreats, leaving only Flame, 
Lomedy
 and 
Spongs
. Wemmbu then duels Flame, with Wemmbu quickly starting to lose. Then, 
Jaden
 joined the battle helping Wemmbu, by breaking almost all of flames armour and tides quickly turned. Then Spongs and Lomedy join evenning the playing field and bringing the battle to a standstill. At the end, 
yungyx
 had to intervene, apologizing to Flame on behalf of the Spider Web Faction, and bringing the battle to an end.

Wemmbu was brought back to the caves, and was put in a meeting with Arachn1d. Arachn1d tells Wemmbu he is proud for what he did, as Flame is no longer here. He was given a Wind Burst I and a Thorns III book as a reward, which he puts onto 
Gambit
 and his netherite leggings respectively. This is the first change in Gambit's enchants for a very long time, upgrading it from Wind Burst I to Wind Burst II. Then, Arachn1d reveals that he has rigged TNT all over the Spider Web Faction, just in case that Cindercrest infiltrates the caves, he would rather leave the caves in ruins then to hand it over to Cindercrest. Wemmbu is then tasked with rigging TNT into Codmaster's base, as it's been revealed that his base is the only place without TNT. 

Wemmbu completes Arachn1d's task, and is told that there was going to be a meeting between Arachn1d and 
Saparata
 to repair Cindercrest and Spider Web Faction's relationship after Wemmbu's duel with ShoeBilly and Flame. Wemmbu overhears the meeting, and both leaders agree to work together and apologizes. After the meeting, Wemmbu found Arachn1d and yungyx walking back to the caves, and it is there that Arachn1d ordered Wemmbu to lead the army to the 
Northern Council
, where a hostage exchange would happen between Cindercrest and 
Parrot's Kingdom
. Wemmbu rejects, and confronts him about eggchan. Arachn1d apologizes, and sets up a stasis chamber for himself, saying to Wemmbu that eggchan will be freed after the war, and that if he lies about it again, Wemmbu is free to pull his stasis and kill him. After the ordeal, Arachn1d also adds to his previous task to Wemmbu, saying that he should betray Cindercrest during the big battle with Parrot, and that he should kill as many players as possible, due to the fact that Arachn1d wants to be the leader of the server instead of Saparata. Wemmbu accepts Arachn1d's order and leads the army to Northern Council. At the Northern Council, it was revealed that the hostage exchange involved LettuceK and ReinaDrop. In exchange for 
LettuceK
's custody, Cindercrest gives up 
ReinaDrop
 back to Parrot's Kingdom. After the exchange, Wemmbu questions why LettuceK was freed from prison, and also question why Cindercrest needed LettuceK. Saparata says that "(Lettuce) is the final piece to the puzzle".  

As the scene changes, Wemmbu now appears at Capitol City alongside with Saparata and a huge gathering of players. ParrotX2 suddenly appears during Saps' speech and says that theres a 500 person legion outside the front gates of Capitol City. Saps announces that he will take on the legion with his army, and Parrot orders 
Fymada
 to evacuate the city. Wemmbu then drops a nuke shot onto the large player gathering, killing hundreds of players instantly. He then starts Arachn1d's orders, and starts a killing spree for all players, he began by spamming his nuke shots and stab shots all across Capitol City, destroying the city and blowing up hundreds of players. Wemmbu also began to mace 
Saparata
, 
Theobald
, 
Parrot
, 
ShoeBilly
, 
Fymada
 and 
FlameFrags,
 as well as starts taunting everyone in the battle. At the end, he says to FlameFrags he will have a rematch with him another day, before leaving Capitol City back to the caves.

Wemmbu enters a meeting room with Arachn1d, and Arachn1d claims that he will now free eggchan as Wemmbu did his job. Arachn1d leads Wemmbu into a cave, and at the end of the cave, he says "Good luck" to Wemmbu, before activating a button and dropping him off into an unknown area.

Navigation