The 
Invisible Mafia Arc
 is the second major arc in 
Unstable Universe
.

Story

SpokeIsHere
 and 
Mapicc
 suspect that 
Roshambogames
 has been duping more items. They obtain a list of coords to various farms from 
TheRealSquiddo
's base, and 
Ashswagg
 saves them from invisible attackers, but it's later revealed he sent the players, causing tension between Mapicc, who doesn't trust him, and Spoke, who does. Mapicc temporarily leaves the team, but Spoke convinces him to rejoin. Their End base gets destroyed by 
Wemmbu
 and 
Eggchan
, hired by Roshambo. They find Roshambo at a flower farm and realize he's never had any malicious plans, and then it gets blown up by invisible players, leading Spoke to finally realize Ash has betrayed them. They head around to previous farms and find them all blown up, so go to the last one. Ash is there, and he reveals he wants Spoke's exploits, then sends in invisible players. Spoke and Mapicc both barely manage to escape.

ParrotX2
 and 
Wifies
 decide to start an End civilization that no one can find. 
Deanthebean9
 promptly finds it, explaining he's part of 
The Invisible Mafia
 and was sent to kill them. They gather villagers for their civilization with help from 
Kenadian
, while 
Horace Altman
 builds the civilization. Parrot and Dean head to the Invisible Mafia HQ, where he pops Dean's totem. Dean gets teleported into the void, but Kenadian saves him using a stasis, freeing him. 
Boosfer
 shows up to claim the civilization, and Parrot agrees to hold an election with him. Horace builds chunkbans, and Parrot nearly dies to the Mafia while saving a new member. Their civilization grows, and Boosfer ends up losing the election. The Mafia gets into the civilization, forcing everyone to flee, but Parrot, Wifies, and Dean later return and blow it up.

Parrot, Wifies, and Dean try to break into 
Capital City
, but get caught by 
Reddoons
 and sentenced to the mines. They meet 
LuigiToan
, a miner, and 
CoinMonke
, the warden. They manage to sneak into Capital City and steal diamond blocks, paying off the debts of four miners before Red gets suspicious. Parrot attempts to blackmail him with the stolen diamonds, so Red builds a roulette wheel, forcing whoever mines the fewest diamonds to play. It ends up being Parrot, but Coin doesn't kill him, and Parrot uses that to blackmail him into helping break into another vault. They fail to steal anything, and play roulette again. Red kills Luigi, inspiring the miners to revolt. Parrot organizes a plan and they get into the primary vault, but Red's waiting for them, and he reveals everyone has been captured. Parrot convinces him to play roulette to decide the winner, and Red wins, but lets everyone go except for Parrot, Dean, and Wifies. He takes them to meet Ash, who wants them to join the Mafia, but they decline and escape.

Spoke and Mapicc get attacked by the Mafia, but saved by 
MinuteTech
, who initially refuses to work with them, but after they prove their worth in a second attack, he agrees. They split up to recruit people, and Spoke and Mapicc find 
PlanetLord
, but get attacked by more Mafia players and barely escape. They attempt to recruit Squiddo, but are chased by the Mafia. Spoke escapes and meets with Minute, but Mapicc gets captured. Planet arrives with Squiddo, and they head to her castle, where Ash supposedly left coordinates of some kind. They get waylaid by the Mafia along the way, but manage to shake them. Squiddo has to leave, but the other three follow the coords to a Mafia trap, where Spoke and Planet are forced to leave Minute behind. They decide to finally use exploits, heading to 
JamatoP's
 old base. However, the exploits fail to work, and Ash shows up with Minute, who has betrayed. Spoke and Planet escape and Spoke almost gives up, but Planet convinces him to try and find Jamato. They successfully find coords hidden under a 
Wonder
, and follow them to a base with a compass that leads to the Mafia HQ.

Wemmbu discovers 
Skyblock Civilization
, led by 
Yeah Jaron
 and guarded by 
Straight
, where he is forced to stay. There he finds 
Pangi
 and 
Wato1876
, and plots to escape with Wato. He, Jaron, and Straight head down to spawn, and are attacked by Invisible Mafia members, but Straight kills them. Back up top, Wemmbu and Wato realize Jaron has items unobtainable through skyblock, and plan to expose him. Wemmbu spies on Straight and Jaron, and afterwards Straight tells him he wants to help with the exposing plan. By talking to various citizens, they learn about Parrot's End civilization and Capital City both, visit both, and get attacked at both, but eventually manage to escape. Jaron secretly gives Wemmbu a mace, and implies Straight is a traitor; Straight later confirms this and gives Wemmbu the chance to leave, which he takes.

Parrot, Dean, and Wifies are pursued by the Mafia as they travel to Luigi's house. Inside, they find his diary and a compass to the Farlands, which they set out towards. They gear up during their travels, surviving multiple Mafia attacks and reading through Luigi's diary. Eventually, they find an obsidian wall and 
R4trick
, who offers to be a tour guide through the Mafia-controlled areas beyond, but he flees when the Mafia attacks them. They continue on, Wifies pushing to leave Dean behind, and finally it's revealed that Dean is the reason the Mafia keeps finding them. Dean sneaks away, forcing Wifies and Parrot to continue on alone. However, when Wifies burns the compass and tries to convince Parrot to run away with him, Parrot refuses and leaves him, continuing on his own. He eventually reaches the Farlands, and finds 
Far Lands Civilisation
, led by Horace, whom he convinces to help fight the Mafia.

Spoke and Planet find a Mafia outpost and break 
Leow0ok's
 totem, but he reveals he's infiltrating the Mafia to kill 
ClownPierce
. The three head to 
Mafia City
, where Planet leaves and they free Mapicc. The three are sent on various missions, encountering both Parrot and Wemmbu, and eventually rank up to copper tier, then iron. They are sent to hunt Planet, but fail to kill him, which their chaperone witnesses, leading to multiple players getting killed by Ash as he tries to figure out who did it. Leo and Mapicc both rank up to gold, but Spoke is left behind, as Ash knows it was him. He is sent to kill 
IMajesticRose
, an innocent player, which he does. Ash congratulates him, and informs him that to become a diamond player, he has to defeat one in a fight, which Spoke agrees to do. He secretly cheats at the fight, but his totem still pops, revealing himself as Spoke. Ash tries to get the diamond to kill him, but the diamond betrays instead, revealing himself as Minute, and letting them escape.

Wemmbu trades his mace to 
ManePear
 in exchange for training. They visit multiple Mafia outposts, killing many players and obtaining a lot of gear, which Mane uses to teach Wemmbu about proper kits. He sends him off to kill gold players, and Wemmbu successfully kills three. Mane sends him after a diamond next, and Wemmbu meets Spoke while searching. They get attacked by an invis player, and Wemmbu nearly kills him before realizing it's Eggchan, whom he brings back to Mane's treehouse. They visit 
Ice Mountain Civilization
 with the intention of killing a diamond player, and Wemmbu gets to test out the mace against invading Mafia members, but they fail to kill the diamond. Back home, Mane teaches Wemmbu how to use the mace. Later, Egg's Mafia stasis gets pulled, and Wemmbu goes to save him, fighting diamond 
FlameFrags
 for a long time before finally being forced to give up his mace. Wemmbu and Egg return home, but find Mane has left them, permanently.

Parrot joins the 
Warriors District
 of the Farlands. After his squad's leader dies, 
TheobaldTheBird
 becomes the new leader, as well as a member of the 
Warriors Council
. Wifies arrives at the Farlands and joins the Farmers District, who have a long-standing feud with the Warriors due to the latter thinking the former is useless. Parrot hopes to prove them wrong by using strategy to win a game of capture the flag. The squad gets sent to kill a diamond player but are forced to retreat. Parrot challenges 
DumbIsDumb
 for his seat in the Council, and wins using more strategy. Additionally, he visits Dean, living on his own in the jungle. Council leader 
Purpled
 reveals that the Warriors don't have enough members to meaningfully challenge the Mafia, and Parrot suggests merging the three districts. Purpled tries to have him assassinated, and Parrot uses that to seize control of the Warriors. He and the Farmers go to stop bomber planes from the Mafia, and in the process it's revealed that Dean was forced to rejoin, and his stasis gets pulled, killing him. The rest of the Warriors get captured, but Parrot and the Farmers successfully break them out of the End civilization. Parrot demands to be taken to Ash, who reveals that he knows where the Farlands are. Parrot stasises out.

Clown and Ferre burn down Mane’s treehouse. Parrot shows up and takes Wemmbu and Egg to District 13, where they plot to kill a diamond player. After a long battle, they succeed, giving Wemmbu a mace. He goes to Clown’s castle for revenge, but is forced to flee. Ferre takes Egg captive, but Wemmbu and Egg defeat him and force him to give up his mace in exchange for his life. They reuinite with Parrot and Spoke, then all head to a prison at spawn, where Wemmbu distracts the Mafia so the others can break in and hopefully find the Mafia's stasises. They succeed, but the Mafia attacks District 13. Wemmbu kills most of them, and while Spoke goes to destroy the stasises, he flies out with Egg to distract Clown and Ferre. After enough time has passed, they leave the fight and, with the Mafia successfully destroyed, decide to go make another civilization.

Farland City is destroyed. Horace builds 
District 13
 for those who remain, then joins the Mafia. Parrot, Wifies, and Theo go to assassinate Ash, but Clown stops them. Parrot kills 
Yusai
, a new recruit to District 13, out of suspicion that he's a Mafia spy. While surveying spawn, Parrot and Wifies meet Spoke and Mapicc, and they head to IMajesticRose's house to try and find clues. There they find 
Quackenstein123
, who supposedly has coords to the Mafia's stasises, but it turns out to be fake. The members of District 13 leave, so Parrot recruits Wemmbu, and they kill a diamond player to get him a mace, but then he leaves. They try to kill Ash but fail, and he gives them 24 hours to run. He finds them anyway, and Wifies joins the Mafia as a spy. Parrot, Spoke, and Wemmbu break into a prison at spawn, but fail to locate the stasises. Ash and Wifies confront Parrot, and he pulls Wifies' stasis, killing him. Parrot returns to District 13, which gets attacked. He leaves the battle and goes back to Farland City, lighting beacons around the server to serve as a distraction for Spoke, who successfully destroys the Mafia. Parrot later visits Ash, living in exile in the Farlands, who tells him 
the Director
 was the one who killed Wifies, not him.

Square City
 is destroyed by the Mafia, despite Spoke's and Mapicc's attempts to stop them. They regroup with MinuteTech, then head to 
Sleepy Nation
, where they manage to reclaim a stash of gear from the Mafia, but are betrayed by its inhabitants. Spoke kicks Minute out due to frustration. They meet Parrot and Wifies and find Quackenstein and 
BeckyTronVIII
, iMajesticRose's family. They find out Quackenstein is a diamond player, but he gives them coords to the stasis chambers. Those are believed to be false, but after breaking into a prison at spawn, Spoke realizes the book is actually a key to navigate a maze, and they successfully find the stasises. They returns to District 13, which gets attacked. After the battle, they return to the stasises. Two diamond players show up, and after Spoke destroys all of the stasises, they die in the void. With the Mafia gone, Spoke and Mapicc go to the Farlands and pull Ash's stasis, but Spoke decides not to kill him to avoid becoming like him. Ash promises that one day he'll have a mafia of his own, then flies off.

Videos

Episodes in this Arc

Title

Uploader

Link

 
 
 
 
 

I Bankrupted Minecraft's Richest Civilization

Spoke

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KyLqZkfv3BU

 
 
 
 
 

I Built Minecraft's Safest Civilization

Parrot

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93n-NH9mEL8

 
 
 
 
 

I Survived Minecraft's Most Corrupt City

ParrotX2

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZeTQAuvjFLQ

 
 
 
 
 
 

I Got Hunted by the Minecraft Mafia

Spoke

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcEPha03_WE

 
 
 
 
 
 

I Discovered a Minecraft Sky Civilization

Wemmbu

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=haxHwlvEN5g

 
 
 
 
 
 

The Search for Minecraft's Far Lands

ParrotX2

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_zCM4ueMAY

 
 
 
 
 
 

I Infiltrated The Minecraft Mafia

Spoke

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ss5ggp8Ij14

 
 
 
 
 
 

I Mastered Minecraft Combat

Wemmbu

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPExvQkv_iI

 
 
 
 
 
 

Unstable SMP: The First War

ParrotX2

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AUcJWUH4d1E

 
 
 
 
 
 

Unstable SMP: Doomsday

ParrotX2

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZBxGfg91HEY

 
 
 
 
 
 

Unstable SMP: The Mafia

Wemmbu

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpNP39w2hEk

 
 
 
 
 
 

The End of the Minecraft Mafia

Spoke

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9-V64fR9sU

Related Episodes

Thumbnail

Title

Uploader

Link

How I Solved Minecraft's Largest Escape Room

Wemmbu

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAzylenTscQ

 
 
 
 
 
 

I Got Hunted by the World's Best Minecraft Player

ParrotX2

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TtVKfqquGwA

 
 
 
 
 
 

I Spent 100 Days Hidden in a Secret Minecraft Base...

Spoke

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7TCIEmotdI

 
 
 
 
 
 

I Survived 100 Days Inside a Hidden Base

Spoke

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3BrIBpcl6ps

 
 
 
 
 
 

I Explored an Abandoned Minecraft Civilization

Wemmbu

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48fZaSwUdmg

 
 
 
 
 
 

How I HUNTED a Hardcore Minecraft SMP

Wemmbu

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2CxccaHBhM

 
 
 
 
 
 

Hunting a Minecraft Player Who Doesn't Exist

ParrotX2

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faY0qDzcKxg

 
 
 
 
 
 

SOLO Player VS Toxic Minecraft Civilization

FlameFrags

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3lN0tAufX4

 
 
 
 
 
 

Dominating Minecraft's Deadliest PVP Tournament

FlameFrags

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8UQ6nkR-tXk

 
 
 
 
 
 

I Manipulated 1000 Players on the Unstable SMP

Spoke

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09kYLH4QQ24