A few days ago, 
5
 
of
 
my
 
best
 
friends
 as well as 
ClownPierce
 all vanished. All that was left of them was a book with a set of coordinates. I have no idea where they went, but I'm going to find them.
— 
Parrot

It's Impossible to Find this Player
 is the 12th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

After five of 
ParrotX2's
 friends, 
rekrap2
, 
JumperWho
, 
Kenadian_
, 
Derapchu
, and 
Leow0ok
, disappear, along with 
ClownPierce
, the server's deadliest player, Parrot and 
Wifies
 head to the location that Clown left them. Upon arrival, they stumble across a massive sky island. Parrot and Wifies find two players, 
Jaden_MAN
 and 
Spongs
, who refer to themselves as the game masters. They tell Parrot and Wifies that if they want to find the missing players, they had to complete quests.  

Parrot and Wifies’s first quest is for a Heart of the Sea. They clean their inventories and the game masters give them a kit to complete the quest with. They destroy an underwater gold box in a lake and find a barrel with a lodestone compass. They are interrupted by two players named 
Kierrrr
 and 
Its_Dev
. They say that they have been ordered by a player named 
Boosfer
 to assist them in their quest, but Parrot and Wifies get suspicious, so they pot invis and run away. They come across Clown-themed ships and Parrot finds a book that says "Dig where the winds meet.” Wifies tells him that they have to go in the direction of the sails. After obtaining the Heart of the Sea, Parrot realises that it’s Derapchu's prized possession. They put the item into the corresponding quest temple and a blue beacon lights up.
 
 
 
 
the sky island 
Clown
 lead 
Parrot
 and 
Wifies
.
 
 
The game masters give Parrot and Wifies another kit and send them on another quest for a pair of netherite boots, Jumper’s prized possession. Parrot and Wifies find a town in the sky, but Kier and Dev show up again for "assistance.” They have to catch thirty-two fish, light all of the hot air balloons, replace all of the lanterns, repair all of the damaged crops, and fill all of the empty cauldrons. Parrot and Wifies place the lanterns. They find some flying machines and glowstone beneath carpets throughout the island. Parrot distract Kier and Dev by telling them that the hot air balloons are in the shape of an arrow, and they fly off. They follow a trail of glowstone to a sea lantern, where Wifies uses it to activate the flying machines. They look below a sea lantern flying machine and find the boots, which they place into a quest temple and activate a white beacon.
 
 
 
 
Town that Parrot and Wifies explored during the quest
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The glowing flying machines Parrot and Wifies activate
 
 
Parrot and Wifies don’t find the game masters, but they see their ender chests and kits for the next quest. They decide to go talk to Boosfer about why he wants the items so much. They head to his headquarters, an office building in a jungle. Boosfer says that he steals people’s prized possessions and sells them for lots of money. Parrot asks him to stop bothering them, but he declines and says he doesn’t care. Parrot tells him that the items were meant to help them find their missing friends and that if Boosfer interferes, they may be gone forever.  

 
 
 
 
 
Flower field with a hidden poppy
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Rekrap's base (the large tree Parrot and Wifies find)
 
 

Parrot and Wifies go on another quest to look for a poppy, which they have no idea who it belongs to. They find a massive flower field in which they have to locate a poppy within. While searching for the poppy, Parrot gets irritated by how many red tulips are in the fields since they look like poppies. After a long time of searching and going insane over flowers, they finally find the poppy. They dig under the poppy and find a cave with lots of poppies as well. They realize that the poppies lead to something so they follow the path of the poppies and eventually reach a valley.  

Parrot and Wifies explore the valley until they see more moss and grass, which leads to a large tree. They walk around it until Parrot gets mining fatigue. They decide to check the inside of the tree and find an escape room. It goes wells until they hear the tree burning down and fireworks being shot by none other than Kier, Dev and Boosfer. Parrot and Wifies hide from them, but after they find them, they ask for the item. Wifies offers to distract them while Parrot continues looking for the item, but he declines and keeps them busy instead. He begins bluffing and deletes everything from the book, writing, "Through the valley's last edge, under the boulder below" on the first page and "deez nuts" on the second page before giving it to them. 

After a while of meandering around, they uncover Parrot’s bluff. He leads them to where they were actually supposed to go and mines down, but realises that the tree is Rekrap's base. Since Wifies stashed the item in his ender chest, Kier, Dev and Boosfer threaten to kill them and blow up the base. Parrot doesn’t want them to, giving them leverage over him and Wifies. They tell them to bring the item to their headquarters in thirty minutes or else the base gets destroyed.

Once they leave, Parrot and Wifies start evacuating all of the animals in Rekrap’s base. They hear withers and find bomber planes. They bridge up to them and find 
Wemmbu
. He tells them that he was paid by someone anonymous to grief Rekrap's base. Parrot realizes it's Boosfer, Kier and Dev, and Wemmbu admits that they were the ones who hired him. He needs money to build another empire of his own and get revenge on 
PrinceZam
 and the 
Zam Empire
 by declaring war on them. Parrot tells Wemmbu that he doesn't need to stoop down Zam’s level to get revenge, and that they can rob Boosfer, Kier, and Dev, which Wemmbu agrees to. 

Parrot and Wifies place the flower in its quest temple’s item frame and activate the beacon. They retrieve their netherite gear to tell Boosfer that his plan to bomb the valley failed. He taunts them, and, realising that there is no point in staying, they head back to the quest temples.

Upon return, Parrot interrogates Jaden and Spongs about why they’re always absent. They play dumb and give them a cave quest. They are looking for a diamond, which Parrot assumes belongs to Leo. After entering the cave, they are met with another escape room. They complete it and find a cave maze. On the other side is an ancient city where they have to kill a warden to obtain a skulk catalyst needed to open a vault door. The warden is defeated and they find Leo’s diamond behind the vault door. 

Parrot and Wifies go back to the quest temples and activate the beacon for the diamond. However, Kier and Dev jump them and steal all of the items that they found. They just played dumb the entire time and waited for a chance to steal all of the items at once. There is nothing they can do without the game masters. When they finally arrive, Parrot lectures them about their irresponsibility and tell them that they need to deal with something else.

They head to the Wemmbu Civilization and form a plan to rob Boosfer, Kier, and Dev. Parrot tells Wemmbu that he will help destroy their base using an 
orbital cannon
 as long as Wemmbu only uses it on them and the Zam Empire. They launch the orbital cannon and grief Boosfer, Kier, and Dev’s base. After a successful heist in which they steal most of the Treasure Hunters’ riches, Parrot and Wifies head back to the quest temples.

Parrot tells the game masters to send them on the nether quest. They receive a book with six sets of coordinates. The first set has oddly placed nether quartz. They realise that it is morse code and they translate it to "Rurple," which is supposed to mean "Purple.” They go to the second set of coordinates but only find a lava ocean. They go to the third set of coordinates and are met with a bastion, along with a sign that says "840 32 cyan.” They head to the next set of coords and find a chest in a nether fortress with a magenta candle, a spruce button, an oak plank, and brown wool. The decode the blocks with their block IDs to find the message “670.5 brown.” They arrive above a lava lake and splash each other with fire resistance before jumping in and finding a sign that says “960.18 pink.” They go to the nether roof of the second set of coords and find two signs that say "390.43 blue” and "390.43 blue.” 

The last set of coordinates houses a library constructed over a lava ocean. Parrot and Wifies tame striders to ride and use the 
Dewey Decimal System
 to find specific books, which they use to unlock a vault at the back. They find a wither rose and Parrot realises that it belongs to Kenadian. They head back to the quest temples to activate their fifth beacon.

Parrot and Wifies go to the end quest. They do a parkour course/escape room to reach the portal to the outer end islands. They find a chest containing fireworks, elytras, and a book. They search the islands and find an end city with a cartography table and Wifies’s prized dragon head. Upon returning to the main end island, they run into Kier and Dev. They respawn the ender dragon and threaten to kill them. Parrot and Wifies obtain their gear through an ender chest in the end city and chase them away. They place Wifies’s dragon head in the sixth quest temple and activate the beacon. 

Parrot and Wifies head to their usual meeting place with Jaden and Spongs, but instead see Clown. Parrot asks him why there are seven quest temples since they completed all of the quests and only six beacons were lit. Clown tells Parrot that he is the last key. Parrot places down the final item to return the missing players, his precious 
spyglass
. Clown empties all of their inventories before leading them to what they worked to achieve all along.

Welcome to 
Proton
, Minecraft’s most secure prison.

Thumbnail

The thumbnail in this video depicts Wifies and Parrot (left to slightly less left respectively) looking at two glowing eyes which are the trademark skin of 
ClownPierce
. Wifies is crouching, looking at Clown with his spyglass, while Parrot is standing straight.