Jepexx
 is a minor character in 
Unstable Universe
.

History

Jepexx builds a trading hall inside a mountain and discovers 
Mapicc
 and 
Spoke
 burning his enchanted books and emeralds. He crashes out and yells at the pair about how he skipped his final exam to grind those. When Spoke and Mapicc try to explain the duped items he starts stealing them and tries to trade with his villagers. Spoke distracts him while Mapicc continues burning the duped items in the barrels. Jepexx notices and gets angry again, so Spoke and Mapicc are forced to lead him out of the trading hall to keep him calm. They lie about having more emeralds for him. Mapicc starts a conversation with him so Spoke can cover up the trading hall's entrance with dirt. Once Spoke had finished, he lies and tell Jepexx that the trading hall has disappeared. Jepexx is confused but believes him and leaves. The pair burn the rest of the duped items. 

Spoke and Mapicc aim an orbital strike cannon at a stash which, unbeknownst to them, happens to be underneath Jepexx's base. Jepexx is happy to see them, but, even as the pair work to protect it, the orbital cannon still blows up the base. Jepexx is devastated and asks Spoke and Mapicc to leave. 

Spoke and Mapicc run into him again when a set of coordinates 
Squiddo
 gave them leads them to his trading hall once again. They attempt to sneak into the hidden hall and splash Jepexx's villagers with invisibility, but Jepexx quickly follows and finds that the hall had been there all along. Spoke tells him his villagers are gone, with Jepexx doesn't believe. He goes to where he keeps a bunch of nitwits to vent his anger upon, and, seemingly already forgiving Spoke and Mapicc for all the things they've accidentally done to him, shows them his "ultimate farm" that would "fry their brains". The farms turns out to be a bamboo farm with some pandas. Two 
invisible players
 jump them, targeting Jepexx and killing the pandas. Spoke yells for Ash to call it out and the players immediately leave. Mapicc and Spoke apologize to Jepexx before also leaving. 

Spoke hires Jepexx to be bait for a fake trade Spoke gave 
Reddoons
 in an attempt to steal Red's stuff. Jepexx is afk when Red arrives and the plan fails. 

Jack and ZeroCycle decided to raid a base which turns out to be Jepexx's base. Spoke and Mapicc, considering Jepexx a friend and an innocent player, decide to help him. The pair make it to the base first and pretend to be the angel and devil on Jepexx's shoulders as they have a complete invisibility exploit on and to convince his to leave his base. Spoke eventually escapes with Jepexx up a mountain and to an ocean while Mapicc takes a horse on a different route. Jake and ZeroCycle follow and Spoke uses his advantage of being invisible to repeatedly break and steal their boats. Jepexx manages to escape with the horse Mapicc stole. 

Navigation