On the Unstable SMP, I was looking at our home for the last time, because my 
enemy
, has returned.
— 
SpokeIsHere
 to himself, 
I Almost Got BANNED from the Unstable SMP...

JumperWho's Spies
 (formerly known as the 
Bounty Assassin Team Spies
) were a team of invisible players led by 
JumperWho
 and approved by 
Leow0ok
. The spy team consists of players with codenames instructed to stay invisible at all times and armed with netherite armor. Their missions were mainly espionage, investigation, and in rare cases, neutralizing targets.

The team was split up when Leow0ok decided to devote spies as 
Law
 soldiers, but Jumper disagreed because spies are not specialized for combat. The numbers of alive spies slowly decreased during the 
Kings Arc
, and by the end of the Law, only a handful remained. During the 
NULL Arc
, numerous spies were killed and Jumper was captured by 
Null Hunters
.

History

The Spies were first formed after the fall of the Invisible Mafia as a subgroup of the 
Bounty Assassin Team
 (BAT) under the supervision and leadership of JumperWho. The Spies were all given codenames and were instructed to stay invisible at all times. During Spokes invisible mafia arc we see a spy he describes as special because he can moonwalk. Numerous spies were killed by the various hunters dispatched by 
The Director
 to stalk and test 
Parrot
, BAT's newest member, and to see he how would react when put in various scenarios. JumperWho additionally kills one of the spies to keep Parrot and herself safe when Parrot was thought to be the Director. Under Parrot's order, Leo pretended to be one of JumperWho's spies near a TNT minecart for Parrot to interrogate JumperWho about whether she serves a spy for the Director, which ended up in Leo himself becoming visible and hunting down Parrot. The identities of the spies would later be used as leverage by The Director to blackmail JumperWho and force her to guard Parrot inside 
Paragon
.

Following 
Wifies
' death and the conclusion of 
the hunt for the player who doesn't exist
, the spies would replenish their numbers and move to a new base, where they would continue to operate under JumperWho and Leow0ok. Leo would dispatch the spies to follow 
SpokeIsHere
, as he suspected that Spoke had something to do with the deaths of a previous Spy duo. Over the next few months, Leo's usage of the spies as ground troopers would put strain on his and Jumper's partnership, as she disapproved of Leo's insistence on sending Spies to fight and kill Spoke. Eventually, The Bounty Assassin Team, and by extension, the spies, would ally with 
The Law
 and 
LettuceK
.  A squadron of spies sent by Leo to hunt and kill Spoke and his best friend, 
Mapicc
, were caught off guard and killed by a 
mysterious player
 using weapons they had never seen before during a failed ambush on Mapicc.

Following this, JumperWho, fed up with Leo throwing her spies' lives away for his personal crusade against Spoke, would gather the surviving spies still loyal to her and leave BAT, allying with Spoke to kill and ban Leow0ok. The Spies would continue to fulfill their purpose as scouts and intelligence gatherers during the war against The Law, which ended with LettuceK captured, BAT disbanded, and Leow0ok banned at the hands of Spoke. However, during the final battle at the 
Northern Council
, Mapicc had disappeared, leading to Spoke asking Jumper and the spies to help him locate his missing friend.

While Jumper was willing to help Spoke find Mapicc, she was hesitant to use her spies as soldiers, as that was the very reason she broke away from BAT and Leo. When the search for Mapicc took a mysterious turn at the revelation of a group of unknown players seemingly abducting hundreds of players across the server, Spoke managed to convince Jumper that the only way to get the backup they needed to complete their objective would be to use the Spies. Jumper hesitantly agreed, but only after ensuring that Spoke would give the spies a choice to decline accompanying them on the mission.

A squad of spies agreed to assist and were brought by JumperWho and 
SpokeIsHere
 to find the pearl cannon belonging to 
Null Hunters
 in 
Searching for 100 Players Who Went Missing
. However, the mission would end disastrously after an outnumbered ambush, and every participating spy was killed by the hunters.

The capture of Jumper and her former spy 
CookieBunsquat
 by the Null Hunters potentially marks the final downfall of Jumper's spies, as it is unknown how many of them are still alive.

Thumbnails

Navigation