This article’s title is provisional and may change.

All videos from the new Unstable SMP Kingdoms Saga in order! If you are new to the series, I would recommend starting here, and then backtracking to older videos if you want more content! also arc name is subject to change lol.
— 
Wemmbu

The 
Kingdoms Saga
, also known as the the 
Kingdoms Arc
, is the 16th 
arc
 of 
Unstable Universe
. The 
NULL Arc
 and the 
Purgatory Arc
 occurs concurrently.

Story

Wemmbu
 kills some of 
Arachn1d's
 soldiers who accost him while he's building, then runs out of materials and heads to nearby Elysium for more. There, he scares off 
Yungyx
, and the leader mentions they used to have a diamond player protecting them, but he left the server and hid his mace somewhere. Wemmbu gets 
Eggchan
, then goes to meet with a player who might know where the mace is. 
LordSirWessley
 challenges them to a fight for the info, and Wemmbu recruits 
Jaden MAN
 and an unknown invis player to his side, while Wessley has 
TheGOdOfWar
 and 
Yungyx
. Wemmbu's side wins the fight, and they follow Wessley's instructions to a giant cavern, killing some players that try and attack them. There, the invis player from before takes the mace, but Wemmbu forces him to give it back after a fight, and they return to Elysium and give up the mace.

ParrotX2
 gets booed during his 
coronation
, so he promises to fix the server. He starts off by killing all the withers at spawn with 
TheobaldTheBird
, then making 
Fymada
 the mayor of 
Capitol City
 to prevent corruption. He travels to 
Merchant City
 and competes in an auction for a chicken, during which Theo bets 100,000 diamonds. He attempts to get 
Redstone Town
 to help him build chicken farms, but only 
4CVIT
 helps. Parrot brings the food back to spawn, but 
SargeLAW
 attacks. However, Parrot manages to get away. 
Horace Altman
 has built a kingdom around spawn to protect new players, but many old players dislike Parrot for it. He goes to talk to 
LettuceK
, who tells him he's made a mistake.

SpokeIsHere
 is attacked by 
mysterious players
 in his base, but they stasis away before they can die. 
JumperWho
 arrives, and gives Spoke coords to a safehouse for if he gets attacked again. Spoke leaves and finds a random player's base, setting up a trap, but again the mysterious players stasis away when they should have died. Spoke flees to the safehouse, meeting up with Jumper. 
BAT
 spies hold off the hunters while Spoke and Jumper flee, but the red-trimmed leader nearly kills them. They escape and head to a base where 
SirPig
 is being held; he may have ties to the mysterious players. However, SirPig stasises away and the players attack. Spoke and Jumper run to an arrow cannon Spoke set up earlier, which they are able to use to kill the red-trimmed player, who drops a book titled 'null'.

I Survived 100 Days on a Hardcore Minecraft Server

FlameFrags is chilling at his 
Megabase
 until the same players that 
created it
 decided to start taking it down because they needed money, and so FlameFrags decides to work for the law to keep his megabase. He later goes on a series of missions, rescuing a captured law soldier from an Arachn1d guard, and failing multiple times to get players to join the law after the 
defeat
 at the 
Northern Council
. When he kills the Arachn1d elite, this is where Flame says he's not just a combat master, he is also a battle strategist. Flame rescues a player from 
The Wheat Kingdom
. On one of the final days, FlameFrags gets to talk to 
LettuceK
. Although FlameFrags had, in his opinion, teammates who had absolutely destroyed his gameplay in the 100 Days video, he decided to keep his mega base after a while. 

Eggchan gets kidnapped by an army of players. Wemmbu follows them and overhears a conversation between their leader and Arachn1d. Once Arachn1d leaves, he attempts to enter the army's base, but they have wardens as guards. He eventually manages to sneak inside and finds Eggchan. He is able to save him, and then kills the entire army. After he leaves, the invis player from before finds Eggchan's book of coordinates.

Parrot and Theo are attacked and imprisoned by Capital City's guard for supposedly killing 43 players. The 
Merchant City Vanguard
 breaks them out, because Theo still owes 100k diamonds. They sneak back into Capital City, with Parrot going to talk to Fymada, who is now nothing but a puppet. Meanwhile, Theo is attacked by his old trainer, 
ShoeBilly
. Parrot flees from guards and Theo is nearly killed by ShoeBilly. Parrot discovers a massive building where all of the new players are imprisoned, to be executed soon. Theo meets up with Parrot, but ShoeBilly finds them again and they're separated. Theo refuses to betray Parrot, so ShoeBilly leaves, saying he'll come back when Theo's ready. Parrot is cornered by guards, but convinces them to confirm they framed him. He reveals that he got Fymada to gather a bunch of citizens to witness the confession, proving his innocence. Later, Parrot and Theo discuss how it feels like there's someone out to get the new players.

The null book lists 100 players and coordinates. Spoke and Jumper find a base at the nearest set of coords, before being jumped by the mysterious players. They run to an escape tunnel they'd set up previously, but the players turned it into a void hole. However, they are able to escape through another void hole at the base of another player in the book, a notorious trapper. They visit Parrot for help, but he turns them down, since he's too busy with his kingdom. While leaving they are attacked again, and barely get away. They continue to visit the coords in the book, before finally finding a book at one location, explaining that the players are called Null, and that they have a pearl cannon called the Road of Null. Jumper gathers her spies and they head to the place, but Null is waiting. The cannon is destroyed and most of the spies die. Defeated, they return to Spoke's base, only for 
Mapicc
 to suddenly show up.

Flame joins 
The Mist
 to try and assassinate their leader, 
Mistrul
. He is forced to team with 
FluffalsSupreme
, but they continually get into conflict. Eventually, they settle it in a duel, where Fluffals dies. Flame brings Lomedy to the Mist, and they sneak out of the civilization to go looking for Mistrul. Members of Archan1d's army attack them there, and they take refuge in a cave. That cave turns out to be Mistrul's base. Flame fights him, but retreats when he attacks Lomedy. The two escape, but as they're leaving on a happy ghast, Lomedy is knocked off.

Parrot video

Mapicc gives Spoke coords, then stasises away. Spoke and Jumper find Mapicc with a pearl cannon at the coords, but Null attacks. They take the cannon to the 
Far Lands
 and hide from Null. They attempt to meet up with the player who helped Mapicc escape Null, but encounter other escapees instead, and then Null. They escape and find 
PlanetLord
 leading a small group of players, who give them a bit of gear. Null attacks and again they run, towards an unnaturally dark forest. There, though, they are able to ambush and kill several Null members, and force the last to take them to Null's leader. The member brings them to a trapdoor, which they go down, eventually finding a massive underground area. 
JamatoP
 shows up.

While searching for Lomedy, Flame gets attacked by Mistrul. 
NotSkrilley
 splashes him with invis and takes him to a small village of players who escaped Mistrul. Flame agrees to help them escape the greater Mist if they find Lomedy. Flame, Skrilley, and 
Flowtives
 go to a cavern, but Mistrul attacks them there and they barely escape. They are followed back to the village, which is destroyed, its citizens killed. Skrilley leads Flame to one more place Lomedy might be, but they find Flowtives and Mistrul there instead, with a grave for Lomedy. Flame fights them both, but is forced to run. With Lomedy dead, he enters the Zone and invades the Mist civilization, killing Mistrul in a 1v1 and wiping out a majority of the players there. He duels Flowtives, but chooses to leave him alive so he can live with his destroyed civilization. Flame returns to his base only to find Lomedy alive with Skrilley, having been hiding the whole time.

Wemmbu video

While coming back to spawn, Parrot, Theo, and Reina are attacked by bandits. However, Parrot recruits them as well as the larger group they're a part of to his army, which he plans to use to fight Cindercrest. They head to Merchant City for resources, but the leader 
DanchoGold
 tries to imprison them for Theo's debt. They take Dancho hostage instead, and use him to gain the allegiance of the Merchant City guard force. Parrot steals diamonds from him, then goes to the Nether to visit 
ClownPierce
, from whom he buys 40k TNT. He sends Theo and Reina on a scouting mission, during which they see Flame and ShoeBilly leading hundreds of Cindercrest forces. Parrot tries to recruit the Law, and those who don't join him, he kills with TNT and his growing army. He spends a lot of time recruiting other players, and when Theo and Reina return, he shows them his full army, around 15,000 players.

Jamato blackmails Spoke to stay silent, and brings them up to the surface. Spoke convinces them to go the opposite direction. Null continually attacks them along the way, but eventually they make it to a rainbow forest. They find a player there, who leads them into a trap. However, they convince the leader to give them a compass leading to a secret gear stash. They head there, losing resources to mobs, only for Null to steal the gear out from under them. Running low on food, they enter a nearby forest and find another settlement led by 
CookieBunsquat
, one of Jumper's own spies. While Jamato is re-gearing, Spoke disguises himself as a Null member and attempts to kill him, but Mapicc catches him. The two fight, eventually ending up deep underground, where Spoke's totem pops, clearing his invis. Mapicc leaves. Spoke eventually finds an exit into a maze, where he's met with Jamato, who confirms he is Null's leader and that Null exists to get rid of all the bad players in the world, most notably Spoke. Jamato leaves, and Spoke finds the exit. However, Mapicc shows up, revealing Jamato told him everything, and he breaks Spoke's prized chestplate. Null attacks, and Mapicc blames Spoke before being captured. Jamato returns and forces Spoke to burn all his items, including what's in his ender chest, before capturing him as well.

Spoke takes control of NULL.

Navigation