The Unstable SMP needs a ruler.

— 
LettuceK
 to Unstable SMP to in 
I Got Exiled from the Unstable SMP
, 
I Became a Prisoner on the Unstable SMP

The 
Kings Arc
, also known as the 
Election Arc
, is the third major arc in 
Unstable Universe
.

Contents

1
 
Story

2
 
Episodes in this Arc

3
 
Gallery

4
 
Navigation

Story

Note:
 Spoke's episodes will be included both here and at the 
BAT Arc
 page. 

FlameFrags
 gets attacked by members of 
The Law
, because their leader 
LettuceK
 has exiled him from a 50k radius around spawn. He attends an announcement Lettuce makes to the entire server, where Lettuce reveals his plans to hold an election for a king, as well as the fact that he has captured 
Wemmbu
. Flame returns to his base but gets attacked again. Realizing he needs trap supplies, he recruits a reluctant 
Lomedy
, and comes into conflict with the Law again. He ends up losing the fight and is forced to run away, swearing to not return until he's mastered PVP. 

Wemmbu gets imprisoned by Lettuce, weakened by his last fight with Flame. They run through the prison routine, where Wemmbu meets inmates 
Fantst
, 
Baablu
, and 
PrinceZam
, and guard 
Loppezz
. Lettuce takes him for the announcement, and on the way back someone splashes them with an invisible potion. Wemmbu tries to escape but gets recaptured, so Lettuce puts curse of binding armor on all the inmates before tossing Wemmbu solitary confinement. 
SpokeIsHere
 breaks in to offer Wemmbu his freedom in exchange for assistance, but Wemmbu refuses. 

Flame gets attacked by 
Deputy Ace
, Lettuce's second in command. He escapes the battle and goes to Lomedy's farm, convincing a very reluctant Lomedy to let him stay just to regear. While getting wind charges, the Law shows up, but Flame escapes them. Ace comes back with a dozen people and start blowing up Lomedy's farm. Lomedy gives Flame his mace, but Flame is unable to kill them all, and so runs. 

Wemmbu gets out of solitary and begins plotting his escape. He manages to obtain some signs, and uses them to talk to the other prisoners. They start trying to break each other's armor. Baablu has invis in his ender chest, so Wemmbu comes up with a plan to get them into the prison storeroom. It works, but Loppezz catches them. Baablu manages to keep one invis poition, though. While out mining, the prisoners attempt to use it to escape, but get recaptured. All of them are put into solitary, and Spoke returns. Wemmbu finally agrees to Spoke's plan, so Spoke kills the guards and frees the prisoners, allowing them to gear up. They fight their way out of the prison, killing two dozen Law members before being forced to run away.      

Wemmbu flees from the Law as they pursue him. He decides to return to the 
Far Lands
, to acquire more power, but when he attempts to take the ender pearl cannon he used previously, he finds it destroyed. The Law attacks, but he manages to get away and visits the End, to see if 
Eggchan
 knows how to build a pearl cannon. Instead, he ends up deciding to free Egg, but to do so he needs help from Spoke. Spoke offers him assistance if Wemmbu helps him kill 
Leow0ok
. Wemmbu tries but fails, and Sloke gives him the info on the condition that Wemmbu owes him another favor. Wemmbu frees Egg and they sneak into 
Capital City 2.0
, intending to run to the 
Great Sea
. The Law attacks them, and after a long fight Wemmbu is forced to surrender. However, 
Jaden MAN
 saves him, forcing the Law to flee, and he brings Wemmbu and Egg to 
Ranger Point
.      

ParrotX2
 gets a note from 'The Owl' telling them to attend a meeting, which is Lettuce's announcement. His friend 
TheobaldTheBird
 convinces him to run for king, and they find another note from the Owl with a compass. It takes them to a giant treehouse, under attack from a group of bandits, who have kidnapped someone. Parrot decides to save them even if it means losing the election, and follows them to their base. He and Theo manage to free the player, and the treehouse's citizens all vote for him as thanks. The bandits attack, but thanks to Parrot's planning they are beaten, with only the leader escaping. Parrot submits his name for the election, currently in sixteenth place.      

Spoke watches as Leow0ok and his spies destroy Quackenstein’s family base, searching for the armor pieces, prompting them to escape through a tunnel with Quackenstein and his family, sending them to safety via a Nether portal, where the family heads to their old snow base before breaking it. Leo and his spies catch up, forcing Spoke to reveal his inventory, but Jumper defends him due to a lack of evidence. Following a speech by LettuceK, Spoke plans to have Wemmbu kill Leo and later eavesdrops on Leo’s conversation to track him. After infiltrating The Law's base, Spoke offers to help Wemmbu escape in exchange for a favor, but Wemmbu refuses. Eventually, Spoke breaks the prisoners out, but when they confront Leo, it becomes clear that Leo's true motive was to catch Spoke in a mistake, proving his guilt as they prepare for an inevitable clash.      

Flame finds 
Swight
, one of the best PVPers, with a Law shield, so he goes invisible and requests training. There are five other competitors, and they are split into groups to fight bandits. Flame's group loses a memmber, while Yungy's doesn't. During a test fight, Flame's invis runs out, forcing him to hide. He gets a do-over on the fight and wins easily, leaving only him and 
Yungyx
 left. Swight sends them to face two elite bandits. Yungy runs away from the fight, but Flame manages to kill them both, and so Swight declares him the winner.      

Jaden tells Wemmbu the Law is building an orbital strike cannon and need a full set of music discs, which is rumored to be owned by an item collector. Wemmbu and Egg set out to find the collector, but instead find an island of frog worshippers. The Law find them, but they escape, ending up in a trading port. They find a vendor with slime balls, which are very rare, and Egg persuades him to reveal his buyer. They successfully locate the collector, and Wemmbu duels him, but eventually they make peace. However, Lettuce secretly followed them, and now he steals the music discs and kills the collector. Wemmbu and Egg escape.      

Mapicc goes on a mission to a BAT gear stash, but when he doesn't come back, Spoke follows the tracks and finds the place where he supposedly died. He refuses to believe it at first, until Leo shows up at his base holding Mapicc's shield. Spoke rigs Capital City to blow up unless he gets proof of Mapicc's life, but no one comes except for Parrot, and he wasn't even sent by the Law. However, he does convince Spoke to stand down. After some time, Spoke brings Zam to the BAT gear stash, where he found signs from spies that didn't join the fight, indicating another player was there and saved Mapicc. They follow the tracks, which eventually take them to the 
Far Lands
, where Mapicc is with 
JamatoP
, Spoke's oldest friend. Mapicc wants to live peacefully. Spoke and Jamato speak privately, both condemning each other for supposed villainy, and Jamato stasises away. Spoke disguises himself as Leo and attacks Mapicc and Zam, pretending to get scared off, then comes back as himself, revealing Jamato 'died'. The three of them resolve to kill Leo.      

Lettuce tell that the candidates will live in the Northern Council for their protection. Parrot receives another message from the Owl in his new home. However, while he's away a guard steals the book, forcing Parrot to kill him to get it back. Lettuce announces debates between the candidates, and he will be matched with Parrot. Parrot finally meets the Owl, revealed to be 
Spepticle
. During the debate, Lettuce accuses Parrot of killing the guard, but Spepticle intervenes and takes the fall, getting executed for it. Afterwards, Parrot hears of Capital City being under attack, and stops Spoke from blowing it up, which causes enough people to vote for him that he passes into the next round.      

Flame and Swight come across a base, where a group of players hire them to kill some bandits, who have lots of loot. They agree, and Swight trains Flame in bow boosting while they wait. When the bandits arrive, they fight them off, Flame using traps since killing would reveal his identity. The bandits retreat and they follow them to their base. Flame uses TNT minecarts, but after the bandits are killed, a Lawman shows up, and accuses Flame of being Flame. Flame reveals his identity, causing Swight to attack him, but after a long battle, Swight agrees to let him go.      

All the pirates attack the Law's orbital strike cannon, but Wemmbu steps into a trap that blasts him a hundred thousand blocks away. He visits the location of the 
Great Sea Treasure
, and obtains a Riptide trident as well as directions to another player. That player outfits him with proper gear, and he returns to battle. He attempts to break into the dome surrounding the orbital cannon, but fails due to ender guardians and retreats. At Ranger Point, he reunites with Egg and the remaining pirates (Jaden was captured), and they decide to make one last effort. After a long and hard battle, Wemmbu breaks inside and destroys the cannon.      

Flame finds 
ManePear's
 base, and although Mane initially doesn't want to train him, he later agrees, teaching him the basics. They attack a base full of elite bandits, and Mane tries to renege on the deal, but relents when Flame followed him. He teaches Flame how to use the spear, and then Flame convinces him to help find the Law's base. They debate Flame's mindset and ego on the way there. At a small village, they kill everyone while trying to get information, and 
SargeLaw
 shows up with Lawmen, managing to take Flame captive. However, Mane breaks him out, and they go on a rampage before parting ways.      

Bandits attack the Northern Council and kill 
Naparizel
. Lettuce reveals that Napa supposedly wrote a book requesting a 24-hour time where the candidates can kill each other to obtain books that contain Napa's votes. Parrot gives his up to save 
Horace Altman
 from 
Boosfer
, but Boosfer and 
Fymada
 both loses theirs to 
Arachn1d
. They follow Arachnid, but he sets up a trap for them, and Parrot and Horace are caught. Parrot signals Fymada to get help, and they are able to escape, forcing Arachnid to drop all the books so he doesn't die. On the way back, they are ambushed by 
Purpled
, who captures Horace. Parrot and Fymada break him out and return home, where Horace and Fymada let Parrot keep their vote books so he can pass on to the next round.      

Flame finds 
ItzRealMe
 at the old 
BAT Headquarters
, and requests training. Itz tests him in all four game modes: sword, spear, mace, and carts, then teaches him mace techniques, as well as 'the zone', where you must free yourself of distractions. Some random players show up and try to attack Flame, so he kills them. Itz brings him to a giant floating island and requests his mace, which Flame reluctantly gives. Itz attacks him, and Flame runs and hides before realizing Itz is trying to make him use the zone. He comes back out and successfully defeats Itz, earning his mace back.      

Spoke, Mapicc, and Zam find a village, which Spoke blows up using an exploit to get items from reluctant townsfolk. They visit BAT's secret library, where they find wreckage from a battle and realize someone is following them. They set up secret stasises and build a sky base, when beacons light up suddenly. Spoke follows them and finds Leo and a bunch of Lawmen. He warns the others, and they prepare to fight them off before escaping when the base is overwhelmed. They attack Leo and make him stasis away, then use an arrow trick to find his current location. On the way there, Spoke's stasis gets pulled.      

Lettuce announces another debate, and Parrot decides to go try and find Wemmbu, to prove Lettuce's incompetence. He finds him at the Great Sea and convinces him to team up. Parrot visits 
CoinMonke
, a smuggler, and he gives them a route back to spawn. They are continually attacked by Lawmen as they try to make their way back to spawn, since they have both been declared criminals. Wemmbu finally captures Parrot, planning to kill him for unveiling his identity, but Parrot convinces him they need each other to stop the Law. They reach the contact Coin gave them, but he turns out to be a Lawman and blows up TNT. Theo shows up there and fights 
The Oroboros
, one of the Law's commanders, killing him but being apprehended by 
SargeLaw
. Parrot brings Wemmbu to the debate, and accuses Lettuce of failing, but Lettuce cancels the election under the pretense of continued danger, and privately threatens Parrot to back down or else Theo will die.      

When Parrot visits Wemmbu, Wemmbu plans to kill him, and directs Egg to secretly follow them to attack at the right time. They are attacked by Lawmen multiple times, and Wemmbu also talks briefly with Egg, learning that he's trying to infiltrate the Law. They are caught by SargeLaw in a mountain, but Parrot, Egg, and Wemmbu are able to escape together, and Wemmbu kills the few Lawmen that follow them. He plans to kill Parrot, but Parrot convinces him that they need each other to defeat the Law. Wemmbu lets him live and attends the debate, then stasises away when Lettuce attacks him. He teleported to the same pearl cannon Spoke used where 
4CVIT
 and Egg are waiting for him.      

Wemmbu and Egg return to the Farlands. They are met by Jamato, and Wemmbu convinces him they are friends with 
Serpentbound333
, the leader of the Farlands civilization. Jamato brings them to a jungle with murals of places, one of which Wemmbu recognizes as 
The Underworld
. They enter the Underworld through a portal, then enter another portal that brings them to the correct side of the Farlands. Wemmbu attacks Jamato, since he doesn't need him anymore, but Jamato stasies away. Wemmbu and Egg are attacked by 
Nitenly
 and 
Firestar2008
, members of the Farlands civilization, on the way to the orbital cannons, but both are defeated. Wemmbu reloads the cannons and sets up a stasis for future use. They then find a stronghold and enter the End.      

Flame finds Theo, a master of TNT minecarts, and requests to train with him. He's reluctant to let Parrot go to the Great Sea alone, but eventually agrees. He teaches Flame some TNT minecart tricks, and then they go to the 
Black Market
 outside Capital City to get more minecarts. Flame also obtains several stacks of EXP. 
G0dOfWar
, one of the Law commanders, shows up, and Flame fights him but is forced to flee due to lack of gear. Theo trains him more, then sends him off to fight GodOfWar again. Flame meditates to enter the zone, then goes to GodOfWar's base. The two fight for a long time before Flame eventually forces GodOfWar to surrender, telling him to come back when he's stronger before leaving. All that's left now is to take out the Law.      

It's revealed that 
JumperWho
 teleported Spoke and betrayed BAT, because Leo kept using her spies as soldiers. Spoke refuses her offer of teaming up, and instead sends a message to the Law, giving them his coordinates. He sets up traps with help from Mapicc and Zam, and then Jumper makes her offer again. He refuses it, and the three head to where Leo has set up camp. They kill his soldiers, but Leo takes Zam hostage. Jumper saves him, and Spoke has another argument with her. She shows him Leo's secret base, where he's been building TNT cannons. They successfully escape and take down more Lawmen, and Spoke finally agrees to team with Jumper.      

Wemmbu and Egg find the End full of Lawmen, and Wemmbu realizes his orbitals don't work there. They escape to the outer islands, and Egg leads them to a stash of gear 
MinuteTech
 told him about. They find Minute himself, gear up, and then go back. After a massive battle, they escape through the End portal back into the Overworld. Minute and Wemmbu fight GodOfWar, and then Wemmbu flies to the 
Northern Council
 to confront Lettuce. Lettuce, however, threatens to kill Jaden if Wemmbu doesn't surrender.      

Parrot is taken prisoner by Lettuce, but an unknown person breaks him out. He attacks a random Lawman and learns where Theo is being held. He goes and successfully breaks Theo out, but Lettuce pulls a stasis he forced Theo to set. He then brings Parrot back to the Northern Council to force him to endorse him, but Parrot refuses. Lettuce brings Parrot and Theo both to 
Capital City
 to be executed, but Deputy_Ace saves them, and is killed by Lettuce for his betrayal. Parrot and Theo head to 
District 13
 and find it full of people, whom Parrot convinces to help fight the Law. They sneak into a Law outpost, but are forced to retreat. While plotting a way to break in, Spoke, Wemmbu, and Flame all show up and attack the base. They get the gear and all head to the Northern Council. After a massive battle, Lettuce surrenders. It's put to a vote whether he lives or dies, but Wemmbu chooses to let him live. Parrot restarts the election and wins, becoming the first king of the Unstable SMP.      

Spoke, Mapicc, and Zam sneak into a Law prison and free the BAT spies imprisoned there, but are attacked by Lawmen. Minute saves them, brought by Jumper, and Jumper sends her spies off. They report that Parrot is in the Law prison, and so the three sneak in (Mapicc and Minute are off getting Minute's other gear stashes). Wemmbu and Flame break into the prison at the same time, and Spoke aids Flame in fighting. The three find someone surrounded by obsidian and guards, but it turns out to be Jaden_MAN rather than Parrot. Spoke brings everyone, Flame and Wemmbu included, to his castle, where Mapicc and Minute meet them. They learn via spies that hundreds of Lawman are converging on a Law stash, and head there. Spoke sets up landmines and realizes Parrot and Theo are there. It turns into a massive battle, after which Parrot brings them all to District 13. They go to the Northern Council and destroy Lettuce's army. Mapicc vanishes. After Lettuce surrenders, Jumper's spies report Leo's location, so the two go there. They trap him, but he activates his stasis. Spoke, however, found Leo's stasis chamber earlier and set it up over the void. Leo dies.      

Lettuce threatens to kill Jaden if Wemmbu ever fights him again. Wemmbu leaves and meets up with Egg again, and then Jumper finds them and tells them Jaden is being held at the same prison Wemmbu escaped from. Wemmbu heads there and finds Flame at his base, gearing up, so they attack the prison together. While Flame goes in, Wemmbu stays on the surface to fight. Eventually, Jaden is released and he, Flame, Spoke, Zam, and Jumper come up. They all head to Spoke's castle together, meeting up with Mapicc, Minute, and Egg. They head to the Law outpost and pick up Parrot, who brings them to District 13 to make a speech. They march on the Northern Council and kill both of Lettuce's armies. Wemmbu and Minute chase Lettuce but fail to catch up, and they talk about killing Lettuce on the way back, influencing Wemmbu's decision to spare Lettuce after he surrenders. Wemmbu and Egg leave to start a new adventure.      

Flame is gearing up to free Lomedy from prison when Lettuce visits him and makes one last plea for him to stop. Flame refuses, so Lettuce leaves, and then Wemmbu shows up. They team up and break into the prison, Flame entering and killing guards with help from Spoke, Zam, and Jumper. Lomedy, however, refuses to go with him. Flame accompanies the others to Spoke's castle and then to the Law stash, though he doesn't see why they need Parrot. They destroy the Law's army at the Northern Council, and after Lettuce flees, Flame attacks Jaden, intending to get back the mace for Lomedy. Wemmbu intervenes, but their fight is ended when Lettuce returns. Flame doesn't understand why everyone wants to spare him, but makes a promise to Lettuce to try and do better, then goes back to the prison for Lomedy. He returns his mace, and Lomedy decides to go with him.      

Episodes in this Arc

No.

Title

Uploader

Link

1

I Got Exiled from the Unstable SMP

FlameFrags

https://youtu.be/zCqJWe1dczo

2

I Became a Prisoner on the Unstable SMP

Wemmbu

https://youtu.be/FET2iLvAeQQ

3

I Became WANTED on the Unstable SMP

FlameFrags

https://youtu.be/IfLcuflwJVc

4

Escaping Prison on the Unstable SMP

Wemmbu

https://youtu.be/JzOZVD8z7YM

5

I Got Hunted By the Minecraft LAW

Wemmbu

https://youtu.be/KgsTBDRttPg

6

Unstable SMP: The First King

ParrotX2

https://youtu.be/Oa0tqKHb4VA

7

I Secretly Got Trained By My Minecraft Killer

FlameFrags

https://youtu.be/_486dPklBLU

8

I Explored the Minecraft Great Sea

Wemmbu

https://youtu.be/HNnqJmlLR_w

9

I Ran For King on The Unstable SMP

ParrotX2

https://youtu.be/CaTr9k9nb5E

10

I Secretly Teamed With My Minecraft Killer

FlameFrags

https://youtu.be/GbOiO6aNz5A

11

Unstable SMP: The Battle for The Great Sea

Wemmbu

https://youtu.be/s0UdN6baK2c

12

I Got Trained By a Minecraft Spear Master

FlameFrags

https://youtu.be/Wcgk8gEV334

13

I Survived the Unstable SMP Purge

ParrotX2

https://youtu.be/FW095YeIhmU

14

I Got Trained By The World's Best Minecraft Player

FlameFrags

https://youtu.be/D7hmj_cT-Qk

15

2 Minecraft Pros VS 1000 Hunters

ParrotX2

https://youtu.be/Udk48Sm60y

16

I Became a Minecraft Killer

Wemmbu

https://youtu.be/CU2HOhS9yOo

17

I Got Trained by a Minecraft TNT Master

FlameFrags

https://www.youtu.be/AjhaNdGsoFE

18

Minecraft Pro VS 1000 Players

Wemmbu

https://youtu.be/CLm57ZHTJvQ

19

I Became King of the Unstable SMP

ParrotX2

https://youtu.be/2WusTNLmBpE

20

4 Minecraft Pros VS 2500 Players

SpokeIsHere

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDypUdR_8d0

21

Unstable SMP: The LAW

Wemmbu

https://youtu.be/f_aRA-KcTQs

22

2500 Players VS Minecraft Combat Master

FlameFrags

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPWMMa4XxLs

Gallery

Navigation