It's never going to end. It's never going to end, Spoke. It's simple as that. 
— 
Leow0ok
, directly before his death during 
4 Minecraft Pros VS 2500 Players

Leow0ok
, also known as Leo, was the leader of 
Bounty Assassin Team
 on the Unstable SMP. He was a major character in 
The Director Arc
 being an antagonist in 
Parrot's
 video 
I Got Hunted by Minecraft Bounty Hunters
. He also is the main antagonist of 
Spoke's
 
BAT arc
. At the end of 
4 Minecraft Pros VS 2500 Players
, Leow0ok promised 
Spoke
 that the war would never end until Spoke was dead. Following this he pulled his statis chamber, not knowing that it was rigged by Spoke and was then killed in the void.

Leow0ok is one of the more tragic characters in the Unstable Universe. His best friend was 
Nufuli
 who was killed by 
the Director
. His friend 
Derapchu
 left his team and he was forced to fight a war against Spoke. Even his closest ally, 
JumperWho
 betrayed him. Without his spies, wealth or any of his friends, Leow0ok ended his time on the server completely alone, falling into the void.

He served as the deuteragonist in 
I Got Hunted by the World's Best Minecraft Player
.

Personality

Leo is very determined player who refuses to give up. He can think rationally, but more often than not is very quick to resort to violence and more drastic measures. He has little restraint when he believes he is right about something and can be somewhat self-righteous, generally being seen as morally gray. His determination, similar to Parrot, can sometimes blind him from other's opinions or seeing his own mistakes.  

History

Season 1

Leow0ok is seen as a guard of a castle containing a large amount of duped items.

Leow0ok is seen as a guard of a sky base containing a large amount of duped items.

Leow0ok is seen at an end base.

Leow0ok and his team helps 
Parrot
 escape from 
ClownPierce
 in 
ClownPierce's Circus
.

Leow0ok agrees with Parrot and 
Wifies
 to put Parrot in an obsidian vault as bait for 
ClownPierce
. Wifies decides to go with him. ClownPierce, 
FerreMC
, and 
Mugm_
 come over and try to break in and kill Parrot. A fight between people against and with ClownPierce ensues. The team runs away from the fight.

Parrot and Wifies come to complain about how they were abandoned.

Parrot leaves to get a better team.

Parrot comes back and convinces Leow0ok and his team to kidnap 
BranzyCraft
, the only player ClownPierce cares about. They go to negotiate with ClownPierce now that they have Branzy. FerreMC comes back with Wifies as a hostage. Parrot agrees to let Branzy go, and ClownPierce lets Wifies go.

Leow0ok helps break people out of 
Proton
.

Leow0ok joins the 
Mafia
 to try and kill ClownPierce. He is allies with Spoke and 
Mapicc
. The three of them inflitrate The Mafia and get to gold level.

Season 2

Leow0ok is seen as the leader of 
Bounty Assassin Team
. He accepted Parrot into 
BAT
 as he could help hunt 
ItzRealMe
 down.

In 
I Got Hunted by a Minecraft Redstone Genius
, Leow0ok constantly scolds Derapchu for being a bad member.

Leow0ok is prepared to kill Parrot and almost does so, as he believed Parrot himself was the Director and have caused too much trouble and loss to BAT. Even when Jumper and Parrot give him the truth, Leo is still determined to believe that Parrot is the Director and then scolds Jumper for killing one of 
her spies
 when he attempted to kill Parrot the whole time.

TruOriginal
 tries to kill Nufuli, Parrot, Derapchu, and Leo using hacks. They are eventually able to escape. The 
BAT headquarters
 is destroyed by TruOriginal. He tries to kill them. Leo stays behind so BAT can escape. Leo eventually escapes and finds BAT.

TruOriginal tries to kill them but eventually runs away. BAT make a new base and guard it. TruOriginal tries to kill them again. BAT scares TruOriginal away by pretending they have a trap ready.

TruOriginal kidnaps Derapchu and Leow0ok while they are sleeping. He pretends to be Leow0ok using a hack and tries to kill Parrot and Nufuli. Using a trap, they are able to kill TruOriginal.

Nufuli leaves the team, and as he is leaving, the Director kills him. They see the Director and try to kill him. The Director uses a pearl cannon to escape. BAT use the pearl cannon to try and go after the Director. They find themselves in an obsidian room, where the Director tries to kill them using an army of zombies with netherite armor and weapons. They are able to escape.

BAT go over to a redstone shop to see if the Director is there. They eventually find a player wearing the same armor as the Director. They force him to drink milk, revealing he is 
MrCube6
. The real Director comes over and saves MrCube6. The Director tries to kill BAT using TNT but fails.

Jumper is re-added to BAT after saving Parrot from death. She leads BAT to a secret base that she created. The Director gives BAT a message, telling Parrot to meet up with him in one week.

SpokeIsHere
 finds the secret void base BAT lives in and secretly pranks them and steals from them, pretending that he's the Director. Spoke is eventually caught and interrogated, barely escaping.

BAT spies on the Director and Parrot having their conversation. Jumper's spies spy on a list of suspects for people who could potentially be the Director. They see all of them online while the Director and Parrot have their conversation. Parrot sees the Director hold a chest plate with a red armor trim, causing him to believe the Director is Spoke, as Spoke normally wears 
that chest plate
. Parrot instructs Leow0ok and Derapchu to pretend to be Jumper's spies so that Parrot can blackmail Jumper into confessing. This act fails as Leow0ok and Derapchu stop pretending to be spies and Leo instructs Jumper and Derapchu to leave the base.

While Jumper and Derapchu are out of the base, Leow0ok interrogates ParrotX2 and eventually tries to kill him, destroying the base in progress. He eventually decides to spare Parrot's life. After a stern talk, Parrot tells Leow0ok to leave and he obliges.

Parrot goes over to Wifies' base. Jumper and Derapchu find Parrot at his base, and Parrot tells them about Leow0ok trying to kill him. The Director finds them and traps Jumper and Derapchu in an obsidian room over the void. 

Parrot finds Leow0ok in the destroyed BAT infinity base. After some convincing, Leo agrees and makes a plan to save Jumper and Derapchu using a happy ghast named 
Sky
. Leow0ok saves them while Parrot distracts the Director.

The Director finds Leow0ok at some point and forces him to work as a guard in 
Paragon
.

Leo and BAT eventually recovers after the conclusion of 
The Director Arc
. He sends a mail and returns the happy ghast Sky to Parrot.

Leo helps Spoke and Mapicc get rid of 
Spoke's army
. 

Leow0ok invites Spoke to join BAT.  

Spoke completes some tasks and convinces Leo that he killed Wemmbu. 

After Spoke destroys a innocent village, Leow0ok prepares a investigation against him. Spoke kills more spies. Leow0ok insists on killing Spoke despite Jumper telling him to gain sufficient proof first. 

Spoke escapes being captured, killing more spies in self-defense and fleeing attempted house arrest. 

Leow0ok allows himself to have his enderpearl statis found by Spoke. Spoke, 
PrinceZam
, 
Mapicc,
 and 
Wemmbu
 attempt to kill him but Leow0ok escapes. He uses this as proof to continue hunting down Spoke and attempting to kill him. 

In 
My Best Friend Died on the Unstable SMP
, Leow0ok attempts to kill Spoke but his spies are blown up. He then pretends to kill Mapicc much to the horror of Spoke. Spoke pretends to be Leow0ok is in the 
Farlands
 and fight Zam and Mapicc to convince them not to leave him. 

TNT cart craters are in the BAT vault. Mapicc explains this by saying that Leow0ok might have abandoned his own team and had fought the other spies and Jumper. We don't know the reason for why this happened, but we always knew that Jumper doubted Leow0ok. Since he no longer had command of BAT spies, he uses his connections with 
LettuceK
 so that he could use Law soldiers into hunting Spoke.

At the end of his video, Spoke seems to have finally found Leow0ok's true statis chamber which could allow him to kill Leow0ok once and for all. However, before he manages to get there, he is teleported by Jumper.

It is revealed that Jumper split off from Leow0ok because he had the same mentality as LettuceK. Like LettuceK, he thought that all of his forces were expendable in battles. This results in Leow0ok using Lawmen to continue waging war on Spoke and Jumper. The two of them try to kill Leo, who also failed to kill any of them. 

He was a Law Commander at the Battle of The 
Northern Council
, fighting 
District 13
.  

After the battle, Spoke and Jumper find Leow0ok and start attacking him. Leow0ok promises that the war was never going to end and he pulls his stasis chamber, not knowing Spoke had rigged it. Leow0ok falls into the void and is killed, ending the war between him and Spoke. 

Boundaries

No shipping

No NSFW

Quotes

"
You know this isn't going to stop, bro. This isn't going to end. Anytime soon. Spoke. We've been through this so many times, Spoke. You know exactly what I'm about to do. You know exactly what's about to happen. This-this is your fault. This is your fault.
"

— 
Leow0ok
 to 
SpokeIsHere
 shortly before his death during 
4 Minecraft Pros VS 2500 Players

"
Goodbye 
Spoke
.
"

— 
Leow0ok
's last words to 
SpokeIsHere

Trivia

Leo is one of the few major characters who has been apart of 
the Mafia
 and 
the Law
, the others being 
FlameFrags
 and 
Eggchan
.

Leow0ok died completely alone since almost all of his friends 
had betrayed him
, 
died
 or 
gone their own ways
. He is considered one of the most tragic characters throughout the series.

Leo owned an IOU from 
FlameFrags
 in 
SOLO Player VS Minecraft Bounty Hunters
, but it was never used before his death. It is unsure what would've happened if he were to use it.

Gallery

Thumbnails

Navigation