Mafia City
 was a significant location within the 
Unstable Universe
 Minecraft server, known for being under the control of 
The Invisible Mafia
.

Structure

The city was made up of 4 massive disks supported by pillars, and the bottom; containing Mafia players with no trims. To advance to the next level, 3 upgrade tokens were required, each given out every time a player successfully completes a mission handed out by gold level players. (Gold and diamond level missions are given out directly by ashswagg.) Once a player has 3 upgrade tokens, they are given to ashswagg, who rewards the player with a chestplate of the next rank.

Untrimmed Level

Being the lowest level, it consisted of small housing for untrimmed players, and factories for different items the Mafia collected. Those being:

Golden Carrots

Iron

Experience Bottles

Lava

Emeralds

Elytras

(Factories for more items are visible, however it is never shown what item/s they produce.)

Untrimmed Level also consisted of a prison, housing players the Mafia captured. 
(known players below, two of which purposely jumped in lava when 
SpokeIsHere
, 
PlanetLord
, and 
Leow0ok
 walked in as Mafia members during their infiltration)

Mapicc

LifestealAdmin †

bhovis †

Copper Level

As the 2nd-lowest level, it was noticeably much nicer than untrimmed level, consisting of copper players' housing, a large barracks building, a mission briefing building; where copper and iron players received their missions, and reported to once done, and a library.

(Copper level has many more major buildings which are never shown.)

Iron Level

Iron Level consists of many medium-sized wood houses for iron players, a library in the center where 
ashswagg
 met 
SpokeIsHere
 to give the mission that would lead to the death of 
IMajesticRose
.

(Iron level has many more major buildings which are never shown.)

Diamond Level

Diamond Level is the 2nd-highest level in Mafia City, and consists of 6 large castles, where diamond players reside.

ParrotX2
 tried to assasinate a diamond player by sneaking into their castle, but failed.

Ashswagg's Castle

Ashswagg's Castle is the highest and largest building in Mafia City, being where Ashswagg commanded the Mafia and recieved intel, it is not where he lived. Ashswagg's Castle contained chests with extremely valuable items, including an exploited netherite chestplate with all 4 types of protection.

To rank up in the city, Mafia members would get three rank up tokens that were given by 
Ashswagg
 after completing certain tasks. To rank up and become a diamond tier mafia player, Mafia player's would first become a gold tier player and then have to kill a diamond tier player. The terrain around the Mafia City was made to naturally and gradually descend to bedrock level.

History

SpokeIsHere
 entered the city to infiltrate 
The Invisible Mafia
.

ParrotX2
 attempted to assassinate 
Ashswagg
 but failed due to moral reason. Ash taunted him.

WyLL_
 and his henchmen later took over the city after it was abandoned, becoming very rich in the process. 
Wemmbu
 came, stole gears, and killed WyLL's henchmen. WyLL escaped.

Gallery

Navigation