No way, the infamous chestplate is gone.
— 
Mapicc
 to 
SpokeIsHere
 to 
Finding 1000 Players Who Went Missing

Mapicc
 is 
Spoke
's best friend and teammate in 
Unstable Universe
.

Contents

1
 
Personality

2
 
History

2.1
 
Season 1

2.2
 
Season 2

2.3
 
Season 3

3
 
Quotes

4
 
Boundaries

5
 
Trivia

6
 
Gallery

6.1
 
Thumbnails

7
 
Navigation

Personality

Mapicc has a somewhat silly and laidback demeanor. He can be just as mischievous as Spoke but is shown to have stronger boundaries than his chaotic comrade. These boundaries, which mostly consists of trying to do things without selfish intent, is what eventually causes him to abandon Spoke. He is a good fighter and incredibly loyal, refusing to kill Spoke out of revenge when given the chance, but is somewhat overly trusting at times, taking most people at their word.

Mapicc dislikes being lied to and is deeply offended whenever he learns that someone has. He enjoys killing people randomly.

History

Season 1

Mapicc helps Spoke steal from the 
Zam Empire
, and 
TheRealSquiddo
’s base to destroy duped items. Mapicc helps Spoke destroy more duped items.

Mapicc’s base is blown up.

Spoke and Mapicc set an 
Orbital Strike Cannon
 to destroy another dupe stash, but discover it’s 
Jepexx
’s base, accidentally destroying his base.

Spoke and Mapicc go back to the first dupe stash that Spoke found, and find that there were hidden duped items behind the walls.

A war between Spoke’s team and the Zam Empire breaks out.

Wemmbu and 
PrinceZam
 decide to go to the end, and find 
RealReeon
, 
Sharkilz_
, and Mapicc guarding the stronghold. They all flee to the end except for RealReeon.

Mapicc, 
Fantst
, 
Arcn
, 
Only_A_Squid
, and 
Sharooh
 find Wemmbu and PrinceZam in a trial chamber. They start fighting.

Wemmbu and PrinceZam use a technique involving TNT and an arrow to find Mapicc. They find an obsidian box, and inside of it is Mapicc. Spoke and his teammates come in and start fighting Wemmbu and PrinceZam. All of PrinceZam’s armor breaks, and he almost dies. PrinceZam is able to scare them away by holding a chunk ban.

Spoke and Mapicc find a stash of what he thinks are duped items. He finds the chests are empty. A player named 
PlanetLord
 comes in and they try to kill him as he places shulker boxes which appear to be duped because they have identical items in all of them. PlanetLord is able to escape.

Spoke and Mapicc go to the raid farm, and see three 
invisible players
. They almost die to the invisible players, but 
Ashswagg
 comes and tells the invisible players to leave, and they oblige. Ashswagg says he doesn’t know the players.

Spoke and Mapicc go to TheRealSquiddo’s house to see if there are any duped items there. Under the floor, they find a bunch of books with coordinates. Ashswagg finds Spoke and Mapicc and says that he wants to team with them.

Spoke and Mapicc go to a bunch of farms they found in one of TheRealSquiddo’s books and rig them to not produce items.

Jepexx is seen at his villager trading hall. Spoke and Mapicc splash the villagers invisible and pretend they are dead. Jepexx also shows them their panda farm, but then a group of invisible players come and try to kill Jepexx. They yell out for ashswagg to stop, and all the invisible players run away. Ashswagg later says that he was just trying to help them.

Spoke and Mapicc find a melon farm which they blow up. They find a fish farm, where they see that 
ManePear
 is using the farm AFK. They trap him in a 1x1 obsidian box at an elder guardian farm.

They break a couple more farms. They find that Ashswagg completely obliterated the coordinates that they give to him. 

They find 
JumperWho
, who is AFK. They move her onto the nether roof. She comes back and they run away to the overworld. Spoke and Mapicc destroy the guardian farm.

Spoke and Mapicc find a couple more farms and break them. They find ManePear in a piglin farm, appearing to be AFK, but he comes back. They are able to escape by poking a hole in the bedrock.

They go to the next farm and find two invisible players destroying it with TNT. He pops one of their totems and it reveals they are USmellLikeUpdog. Ash teleports USmellLikeUpdog into the void, banning him because he stated ashswagg was the leader. Mapicc leaves because he doesn’t trust ashswagg. Spoke meets ashswagg at the next farm.

Spoke gives ashswagg the rest of the coordinates to the farms.

Spoke goes over to Mapicc’s new base and they agree to team back up with each other.

Spoke and Mapicc go over to their end base, and see that Wemmbu and eggchan are destroying it. This is because they are being paid by 
Roshambogames
 to destroy the end base. They leave the base.

They go to the next farm, which is a flower farm. They see Roshambo and PlanetLord there. Ashswagg destroys the entire farm with TNT. Mapicc says he saw invisible people leaving, implying this was ashswagg. They go to the other farms and see ashswagg destroyed all of them. They go to the last farm, which is an EOL farm. They made it there before ashswagg destroyed it. Mapicc leaves so Spoke can talk to ashswagg.

Ashswagg tells him that, since Spoke was the one at every farm, everyone will think he destroyed them. Ashswagg tries to convince Spoke to give him exploits he knows about, but he does not oblige. Spoke and Mapicc see a lot of invisible players who try to kill them. Spoke is able to escape by using the nether. A player finds them in the nether named 
MinuteTech
. MinuteTech saves them. MinuteTech reveals he was once part of the Mafia (the group of invisible players).

Spoke and Mapicc follow him back to his base. They show MinuteTech their base at spawn. They get attacked underground by the Mafia. MinuteTech kills one of the Mafia members using a mace. They manage to escape.

Spoke and Mapicc find PlanetLord at Jepexx’s old villager trading hall. The Mafia comes over and tries to kill them. They trap the Mafia players using a sand trap, though none of them die. They are able to escape.

Spoke and Mapicc try to prove to ManePear that there are invisible players attacking them, but ManePear decides to try and kill Spoke and Mapicc. They are able to escape. The Mafia starts attacking them. They are able to escape again.

Spoke and Mapicc invite TheRealSquiddo to their group.

The Mafia tries to kill Spoke and Mapicc. Spoke is able to escape, but Mapicc is not. Mapicc is captured.

Spoke and his team infiltrating the Mafia find Mapicc in a prison and break him out.

The team is tasked with killing PlanetLord, but they don’t kill him. Ashswagg talks to them. He orders ClownPierce to kill the invisible mafia members until whoever let PlanetLord go steps up. Spoke steps up and says he did it. They are dismissed.

Spoke is tasked with killing 
iMajesticRose
. He obliges and kills her with dripstone. Ashswagg tells Spoke that to become a diamond player, he will have to fight a diamond player that ashswagg assigns to him.

Spoke and the team come up with a plan to kill ashswagg. Spoke has to fight a diamond tier Mafia member to become diamond. Spoke’s totem of undying is used during the fight, revealing to ashswagg that he is Spoke. They try to kill ashswagg but he escapes by using a stasis chamber. The diamond player reveals he’s MinuteTech.

Spoke goes over to the 
Square Civilization
 to warn 
Cash
 that the Mafia is going to break into their civilization and destroy it. Cash doesn’t listen and everyone in the civilization dies. Spoke warns the 
Sleepy Nation
 that the Mafia is going to try to kill them. Together, the Sleepy Nation takes back their items that were stolen from the Mafia. The leaders of Sleepy Nation reveal that they are part of the Mafia and tries to kill them.

Spoke and Mapicc go over to TheRealSquiddo to try and find the coordinates of "The Withered", which was a base that ashswagg planned to takeover. She does not know what this is and the Mafia destroys her base. Spoke and Mapicc go to spawn where they see 
ParrotX2
 and 
Wifies
. They agree to team up to try and end the Mafia. They show Parrot and Wifies the area where they killed iMajesticRose. They find a diamond tier Mafia player and follow them. They find a village where there is a player in iron armor named 
Quackenstein123
. They claim to be the father of iMajesticRose.

Spoke and Mapicc go to the end to get obsidian. They are able to escape the Mafia who try to kill them in the end. They go back to the Quackenstein’s base and find a secret staircase underneath it. They find a stash of loot, including the diamond tier players armor, and a mace, proving that Quackenstein is the diamond tier player. The player comes into the vault. Quackenstein gives them a book allegedly containing coordinates to where all the stasis chambers are stored. He shows Parrot this book, and Parrot invites him to 
District 13
.

Spoke and Mapicc check the coordinates and find a chest containing a book called the gateway which appears to contain directions to something. They show the members of District 13 the book. The members are disappointed so Spoke and Mapicc leave. They find that spawn now has a prison to trap new players and force then to join the mafia and go back to get Parrot's help to break in.

Spoke, Parrot, and Mapicc break into a spawn prison. Their plan is to follow wherever pearls are thrown all the way to the main stasis chamber area. They find an area where guards transport the pearls and use the gateway book to find a pearl cannon. They use it to get teleported millions of blocks out, where they find a man-made mountain. Inside of the mountain is where every stasis chamber is stored.

Spoke and Mapicc go to the void and start destroying every soul sand. Diamond tier players try to kill him in the void, but using chorus fruit, Spoke is able to escape. The Mafia ends.

Season 2

Mapicc and PlanetLord help SpokeIsHere destroy a secret base owned by 
Reddoons
.

Mapicc stalks Spoke as he creates an 
empire
. Spoke finds Mapicc and shows him an obsidian highway created by the Mafia. He also tries to show him his empire, but they find it under attack by its own citizens. After resolving this and a couple more revenge sprees they lead the army to the end and accidentally grief MinuteTech's end base as Spoke is beginning to lose control of his empire. Upon returning to the overworld Spoke fully loses control of the empire and Spoke and Mapicc have to flee.

Spoke and Mapicc build a base and hide in it until the army finds them. The base is quickly destroyed, and the two friends use a chicken cannon to get to a skybase. The army begins to pillar up to them, and a 
mysterious invisible player
 somehow gets on the platform and confronts Spoke about his wrong doings. Spoke refuses to listen and the player drops a book and a singular porkchop before leaving. Spoke and Mapicc fight the quickly approaching army until they're forced to run away again. They make a nether portal underground and escape through it. They hide in the nether for a little bit and Mapicc makes a poorly done house until the mysterious player, called "The Executive" in the book they left, confronts them again. The player tries to throw them another book, but it burns in lava. The Executive warns that the army is going to kill Spoke before leaving. Spoke and Mapicc run through the nether and eventually build some TNT cannons on a platform in the center of a lava lake and fight the army that had found them by now. They fight for an impressive amount of time before being forced to flee back to the overworld. They end up at 
Leow0ok
's base who agree to help the fight the army. The trio manage to defeat the entire army and kill all the players.

Leow0ok drops Spoke and Mapicc into a fall trap with powered snow at the bottom. He threatens to kill Mapicc if Spoke tries to run and forces him to give up his riptide trident. They follow Leo and some "hitmen" to the 
BAT HQ 2.0
 where they find out Leo was only training them to see if they would be good members of BAT. Spoke gets his trident back and is sent on several missions while Mapicc stays at the base.

Mapicc discovers a complete invisibility glitch that makes you, your armor, and your items invisible until you take damage. He shows Spoke this and the pair begin to abuse it to troll other players. They start with messing with a new player called JackLIVE_XD and convince him that they're the creators of Minecraft and are there to guide him. 
ApexPoint
 and some of his friends eventually show up and attempt to rob Jack. Spoke and Mapicc attempt to save him but only succeed to extent of Apex inviting Jake to his team. Mapicc and Spoke go back the BAT Headquarters and warn Leo of Apex. They attempt to raid one of Apex's stashes of stolen loot with the help of Leo, but it goes downhill when Spoke and Mapicc both take damage and reveal themselves. Spoke and Mapicc go back to trolling and start to troll Squiddo. ApexPoint and his team show up again and inquire about if she's seen Spoke and Mapicc. Spoke and Mapicc begin messing with all four of the players until Spoke once again takes damage and they have to flee. They reapply the glitch and begin stalking Apex and his team. They get board as they walk and decide to troll the team with a sound board until Jack and ZeroCycle split off to raid a base. The base turns out to be owned by their friend 
Jepexx
 and they attempt to save him by pretending to be the angel and devil on his shoulders. After Japexx escapes they manage to follow Jack and ZeroCycle back to their base. Spoke and Mapicc begin trapping the base but accidentally take damage and are forced to run. When the pair thought they lost the team they reapply the glitch, but Apex's team sees them do this and does it themselves. Spoke and Mapicc go to Apex's base and begin raiding it until Apex, Jack, and Zero surprise them with the invis glitch on. Eventually, Spoke calls for a truce and makes chairs for everyone, secretly placing Apex's over a dripstone trap he made earlier. Spoke drops ApexPoint into the trap before killing ZeroCycle. They let Jack live and return to their exploit to destroy it.

Spoke goes too far on a mission and ends up destroying an entire village. He decides he needs to kill the witnesses of this, so he doesn't get in trouble. After killing the first group of witnesses Leo confronts him about the deaths and he lies and says he was building with Mapicc at that time. He makes his way towards the next witnesses' base but realizes that he's being followed so goes back to Mapicc and his castle instead. He tells Mapicc what is happening and his friend agrees to cover for him. Spoke sneaks off to eliminate more witnesses and ends up killing two spies who saw him do this. He goes back to his base where Leo was waiting for him. Spoke gives an alibi of being with Mapicc. Mapicc covers for him and defends this alibi which Leo begrudgingly accepts. 

After Spoke mistakenly kills two of JumperWho's spies and runs away with a book with his name on it. He then arrives back at his base to find Leow0ok arguing with Mapicc over Spoke's whereabouts once again. Leo tells Spoke that he has to come with him and Spoke gives Mapicc the book he stole before going with Leo. After he's interrogated Spoke returns to the base and Mapicc warns him that it's being watched from every angle, but that he has a plan to escape. Spoke and Mapicc escape invisible on a happy ghast, and Spoke reads the book he stole. He complains that there's no evidence to which Mapicc says there were tons of witnesses and killing them all wasn't the same. Mapicc and Spoke decided to get more information and Spoke disguises himself as a spy to sneak into a base while Mapicc waits with the happy ghast as a getaway vehicle. Spoke steals another book and Mapicc kills one of the spies with a trap Spoke instructed him to create. Spoke and Mapicc go back to their base where Jumper inquiries about where they've been. The pair run away through the nether and use an escape tunnel to trick a spy into being by themselves before killing them. Spoke pretends to be the spy and goes with the spy's teammates leaving Mapicc to return to the base.

Mapicc helps Spoke get his family to safety from BAT. Mapicc then pretends to be a spy and follows Spoke to 
LettuceK
's announcement. Mapicc helps Spoke get away and later meets up with his friend. Spoke tells Mapicc to infiltrate the LAW prison to get information to help him free Wemmbu who he needed to kill Leo. After breaking Wemmbu, 
PrinceZam
 and a couple other prisoners out they (Spoke, Mapicc, and Zam) wait for Wemmbu at the BAT HQ 2.0 and force him to help them with killing Leo. They pull a Leow0ok stasis Spoke found and attempt to kill the BAT leader, but fail when Spoke's invisibly ran out and Leo teleports away. Zam and Wemmbu leave Spoke and Mapicc to think about what to do next.

Mapicc goes on a heist to loot a former mafia vault with a preset stasis in Spoke's base. Spoke realizes that Mapicc is taking too long so he pulls the stasis. But Mapicc shows up for a few seconds chanting "we gotta go, we gotta go", before vanishing. This starts a hunt for Spoke to find Mapicc, as he questions what he meant by "we".  After seeing Leo with a shield similar to Mapicc's, He threatens to nuke Capital city if not proven that Leo didn't kill Mapicc or is somewhat Imprisoned. After Parrot confronts Spoke and assures him that Mapicc wouldn't die on him so easily, he searches for Mapicc with Zam all the way to the farlands, where he finds Mapicc with JamatoP (Spoke's former best friend), who was trying to keep Mapicc away from Spoke, but failed. Spoke then attacks Mapicc and Zam with carts while invisible, acting as Leow0ok. He runs away after scaring the two, comes back without invis, and acts suprised. They three then go to the lighthouse, and, seeing explosions and xp, assume JamatoP has died. They make a grave for him, decorating it with a poppy flower.

They all leave the farlands and begin to search for Leow0ok. They find the reminisce of a fight between what seemed to be Leo and someone else. Someone begins to stalk them, and they run away to Spoke and Mapicc's castle to set some traps for the 
stalker
. They then go through the nether and set an ender pearl stasis in a cave before returning to the castle to find all the traps distroyed. They make a skybase as another attempt to lose the stalker when the trio are alerted to the presence of Leo and some 
lawmen
 by some mysterious beacons. Leo finds them and begins to attack the skybase. The base is overrun and Spoke uses a glitch to blow the skybase up remotely. Mapicc, Spoke, and Zam then backtrack to jump Leo. They get ahold of one of Leo's arrows and use it to find his stasis. Part way there, Spoke is suddenly teleported away leaving Mapicc and Zam by themselves.

Spoke finds Mapicc and Zam and show them a base he "built" because he had challenged the entirety of LAW and 
BAT
 to kill him. When one of Spoke's sculk sensor locators goes off, he tells Mapicc and Zam to stay in the base and guard an ender pearl he left there. Mapicc and Zam find a secret room with a bunch of supplies and an enchantment set up. They show Spoke when he gets back. The locator goes off and Spoke instructs Mapicc and Zam to stay in the base again. Just after Spoke leaves, Mapicc and Zam find a book that says that Spoke actually wants them to follow so they do so. Spoke is confused when they find him and explains that he didn't want them to come because it's dangerous and that they need to go back to the base. Zam is nearly blown up by a land mine which proves Spoke's point, but it's too late and some lawmen find them. They fight the lawmen and kill them all. When they get back to the base they inquire more about the book to which Spoke simply vaguely answers that the stalker is still watching them. They leave the base once again to figure out where Leo was hiding which they do by kidnapping a lawman and interrogating them. They learn that Leo is hiding in the snowy biome and Spoke kills the lawman. The trio find the base and taunt Leow0ok from outside. A fight ensues and Zam nearly dies but 
JumperWho
 saves him. She reveals that she was the stalker and was trying to team with Spoke. Both Spoke and Leo eventually get riled up and fighting begins again. Leo escapes and Spoke confronts Jumper angrily. He reveals that Jumper had Zam and Mapicc's pearls. Jumper flies away and they follow her towards the desert in an attempt to trap and kill her. They're jumped by more lawmen and have to pull the trap (a sand fall trap) to save themselves. Right as the fight ends Spoke's pearl is pulled once again. Zam and Mapicc head back to the base and a rail gun destroys a good portion of it. They pull another stasis Spoke set and debate if they should run or fight. Jumper shows up and convinces them to fight. They use an arrow cannon to eliminate a good chunk of the lawmen before attempting to run. Zam gets trapped and Jumper shows Spoke and Mapicc where the two duratagonist's pearls are, pulling them and saving Zam's life. They all escape on a happy ghast and decide to begin to construct an army.

Mapicc, Zam, and Spoke break some 
spies
 out of a LAW prison that Jumper directed them to. They start a fight and a losing badly until Jumper shows up with 
MinuteTech
. Spoke and Minute reconcile for the time he accidentally destroyed Minute's end hub. Mapicc splits off from the rest of the group to find some of Minute's end loot stashes. They all meet back up at Spoke and Mapicc's castle and split the loot between the current army consisting of JumperWho, Minute, Spoke, 
Wemmbu
, 
Jaden
, Mapicc, 
Flame
, and Jumper's spies. Flame, Wemmbu, and Jaden fight until a spy shows up with a book saying that LettueK's army was converging at a certain point. Spoke, Flame, and Wemmbu all head to the coords given by the spy and everyone else says behind at the castle. The three protagonists return with 
Parrot
, 
Theo
, and loot from the base at the coords. They all head to 
District 13
 where Parrot had been constructing an army of his own. After some preparation and an encoring speech, they make their way to the Northern Council. Mapicc gives Spoke a new shield with a banner on it which his friend receives excitedly. Once they reach the Northern Council a battle ensues and at some point Mapicc vanishes.

Season 3

Spoke searches for Mapicc frantically as a group of 
bounty hunters
 begin to chase him. Mapicc shows up at Spoke's base invis and wearing a copper helmet, a diamond chestplate, copper leggings, and iron boots, and drinks a milk bucket to reveal himself. 

They use a pearl cannon to get to the farlands in an attempt to stop NULL. They get jumped multiple times and eventually manage to kill a squad of NULL hunters in a dark forest. They enter the fabric of Unstable and run into JamatoP. 

Mapicc is excited but confused at seeing Jamato because he thought he was dead. Jamato provides them all with stuff to regear with and helps them leave the fabric. They get jumped again by some hunters and barely escape into the 
rainbow forest
. Mapicc remembers his friend and fellow NULL escapee 
Revenant44
 telling him about a stacked group of players that lives there. They are trapped and nearly killed by that group of players. Instead, their leader, 
DylPickleYT
, gives them a compass to a stash to restock. They find the stash in a sand biome full of ravengers, but NULL hunters steal all the stuff. They leave the biome for a jungle-like one which has a group of friendly players lead by one of JumperWho's 
former spies
. Spoke attemps to jump Jamato. Mapicc chases him down until he pops his friend's totem clearing Spoke's invis. He leaves Spoke, believing his friend to be unsafe and ludicrous. He runs into JamatoP who reveals that 
Spoke himself tried to kill him not Leo
. JamatoP likely gives Mapicc new armor. Mapicc runs into Spoke again and attacks his former friend. He breaks 
Alt
 along with the rest of Spoke's armor. NULL appeared, breaks all his new armor and takes him to the nether.

Mapicc was shown as a ruthless gladiator in 
Purgatory
. Spoke tried to fight him but lost despite with 8 healing potions. He then turned against 
ItsAli_
 and fights for the chance to kill Spoke. However, this all changed when Spoke, after many desperation and efforts, managed to expose JamatoP, give Mapicc and Jumper armors, and lead everyone including him to fight 
NULL
 guards. He was later captured alongside Spoke and Jumper as they lost the fight. He might still be suspicious against Spoke, as Spoke was part of the reason he got captured and also challenged him as a gladiator to kill him, as he didn't seem to be as excited as in the past when Spoke told him that they would eventually escape.

Mapicc initially attacked Spoke in the giant arena to win the hunger game, but was later convinced by Spoke that JamatoP was the reason he got captured instead of Spoke, and that Jamato's promise would be false, and he collaborated with Spoke. After 
Found
's death, his hatred of Jamato hardened. He was then captured by Jamato and gave a great offer to PvP and kill Spoke, who had just been stripped away all resources by a betrayed 
DylPickleYT
 and 
NULL Hunters
. He built a wall during the fight to cover him giving Spoke a book that told him to get close to Jamato and mace him. After the plan failed, he was taken to the Nether by NULL.

Spoke met Mapicc in the arena again, who told him that JamatoP had told everyone that he betrayed and ran back to 
Spawn
. He, in invis, and Mapicc started to recruit people to his rebellion army, which did not progress well. They separated after Spoke asked Mapicc to chase down a person that saw his accidentally-revealed nametag, but Mapicc refused to do so. Later Mapicc was taken out by Jamato as his last attempt to threaten Spoke, which Spoke responded by reassuring Mapicc and then knocking down into the Nether void with a wind charge.  

It is unknown what happened to him, but he possibly ended up in the Underworld, or may have died.  

Quotes

"
You manipulated me for the entire time...
"

— 
Mapicc
 to 
Spoke
 in 
Finding 1000 Players Who Went Missing

"
Spoke, who are you bro?
"

— 
Mapicc
 to 
Spoke
 in 
I Infiltrated The Minecraft Mafia

"
I don't read, it's true.
"

— 
Mapicc
 agreeing with 
Spoke's
 bluff about not having any books in 
1000 Players Simulate HUNGER GAMES in Hardcore Minecraft

Boundaries

No shipping

No NSFW

Trivia

Mapicc is allowed to freestyle his lines in every video that he's in.

He is a competent PvP fighter, ranking 
A tier
 on LifeSteal and LifeSteal World, which complements Spoke's lack of PvP strength.

Gallery

Thumbnails

Navigation