This article contains information about a controversial content creator — the wiki does not endorse their actions, and the page is locked from further editing.
Please keep the discussion limited to their role in Unstable Universe.
Additional notes: Proof: 
@reefwon
's vids.

I'm only pretending to be a monster to scare people away, but recently, I've started to believe that maybe I really am a monster.
— 
Marlowww
 to her diary, 
Finding the Tomb of the Minecraft Mafia

Marlowww
, or 
Marlow
, is a supporting character featured in 
Unstable Universe
, serving as the primary antagonist of 
Finding the Tomb of the Minecraft Mafia
. 

Personality

Marlow is a dedicated player who is focused on keeping the 
Mafia
 Tomb untouched in order to keep every former Mafia member safe, even if she has to kill. She doesn't want to kill anyone but she has to just to keep the Tomb secure, even if it takes sacrificing lives to protect thousands more.

She also has a best friend that supported her when she first joined the server, and really misses to the point where she always wished to meet her again. During her time in the Mafia, she hated it due to not liking how every Mafia member has to stay invisible and wishes they can all just see each other's real faces, including her best friend.

History

Season 1

When Marlow joined the server, she had a best friend who always protected her during their times together. One day, her friend joined the Invisible Mafia, and wanting to keep her best friend safe, she joined the Mafia to look for her and protect her and every other member.

Season 2

After 
SpokeIsHere
 defeats the Mafia, Marlow decides to continue staying invisible because she knows about the Tomb of the Mafia, where if a single item is stolen, the rigged stasis chambers within will force every surviving Mafia member into the Void, killing thousands of players instantly. To prevent this from happening, Marlow guards the Tomb herself, killing anyone who tried to enter.

Rasplin
 steals the key to the gates of the tomb from Marlow, when 
CoinMonke
 and the other bandits try breaking through the tomb's gate. Marlow was able to give a blindness effect to everyone including 
ParrotX2
 and 
TheobaldTheBird
, who were hiding. Once the blindness wore off from everyone, she killed everyone in CoinMonke's group except for Coin. After Parrot, Coin, and Theo escaped from her. She followed them to the End Station, where she killed everyone and shortly after killed Rasplin, taking the key back from him.

Marlowww noticed a bandit called 
Nightv0ltage9
 trying to hide from her and break into the vault and she kills the bandit. Parrot sabotages the key-opening mechanism of the gate and shoots Marlowww with a bow so that TheobaldTheBird can take the key. After Theo got the key, Marlow tried chasing them. Marlow encounters Parrot and Theo in the hallways of the tomb, where she fights Theo. Seeing Theo's selflessness, it reminded her of her best friend's bravery, so she decides to spare Theo and forces him to drop all his gear and then sent him out of the tomb, making it look like to Parrot that Theo died.

After encountering Parrot in the middle of the tomb, she gives the blindness effect to Parrot, but Parrot flies away and hides. A few moments later, she catches Parrot reading her diary. Seeing that Parrot understood what she felt, she decides to show Parrot the thousands of Stasis Chambers that are connected to every former Mafia member.

Trivia

Every time Marlow is about to appear, she always briefly blinds everyone for a few seconds first before appearing. The only instance where she didn't blind before appearing or attacking is after ParrotX2 read her books, possibly signifying her gratitude for Parrot since he now understands Marlow's situation.

It is currently unknown how she possesses the abilities to do so in the first place, whether by utilizing in-game mechanics or admin commands, however, it could be from the forge as the Mafia went to the 
Far Lands
.

Marlow likes to write books about her feelings and experiences. Her only books that have been shown are Book #1, Book #35, and Book #66.

Marlow's involvement in the Unstable SMP was hinted at during the Director Arc when her name was listed as one of the suspects for being the Director.

Gallery

Other

Navigation