Merchant City
 is the largest trading town in all of 
Unstable Universe
. It functions as a neutral and secure commercial hub. It serves as a central marketplace where players from various factions on the 
Unstable SMP
 can trade, buy, and sell items without the immediate risk of death. The city partakes in trade with 
ClownPierce
, who controls the nether for related materials.

The city contains an outer and inner wall. The furthermost wall spans hundreds of blocks, and houses multiple watch points and entrances. There is a large river that goes through the entire city. This outer section of the city holds many trees, pathways, houses, trading stalls, and farms. Houses of the outer wall often are constructed of wood, and are of assorted wood types. There are also large structures reminiscent of circus design. The easternmost side of the outer city contains a gigantic nether portal, with a stylized owl statue with ClownPierce's mask and theming. The portal is decorated with deepslate blocks, and at it's base holds a dragon.

The inner most city is different from the aforementioned outer city as all of the ground is dirt paths. The walls are of a hexagonal design, and contain 4 entrances, which are characterized by a redstone circuit that moves gravel. A large circus themed building, the largest in Merchant city, lies close to the center of the city. Unlike the exterior, the interior has more condensed trading stalls around the large building. There are also large houses, notably 
DanchoGold
.

It's leader, 
DanchoGold
, is a very rich player in merchant city. Parrot forced merchant city and it's vanguard to join his 
Royal Army
 by kidnapping it's leader, with DanchoGold currently imprisoned. 
SirPig
 also works in merchant city.

Merchant City is one of the richest places on the server. Currently, 
Parrot
 owes the city 100,000 diamonds. 

Cindercrest launched an assault on the city from the air but their army was destroyed.  

The city was overrun by the 
Spider Web Faction
 (allies with 
Cindercrest
) with the help of 
Wemmbu
 and 
Jaden MAN
 during the Unstable Civil War between Cindercrest and 
Parrot's Kingdom
. But in 
Unstable SMP: Civil War FINALE
 it was briefly shown that Parrot was able to get food from the city, so it is likely that the 
Royal Army
 was able to reclaim it.  

Trivia

Celtic music is played whenever inside of merchant city, a musical theme for the town

Navigation