The 
Merchant City Vanguard
 were a private security force led by 
DanchoGold
, serving as the protectors of 
Merchant City
 and its interests. The Vanguard consists of players with redstone-trimmed full diamond armor and enchanted red-and-yellow shields. After the capture of DanchoGold by 
Parrot
, he took over the Vanguard's leadership and merged them to the newly built 
Royal Army
 to defend against 
Cindercrest
.

The Merchant City Vanguard was known to have helped 
ParrotX2
 escape from prison and smuggled him into 
Capital City
. Notable members are 
ArthurTheKnight2
, DanchoGold's lieutenant who was killed in Capital City, and 
Brobro2
.

History

Merchant City Vanguard's first appearance was when they stormed in the Black Market prison and freed 
Parrot
 and 
Theo
 under the orders of DanchoGold. Dancho brings Parrot to Merchant City and instructed one of the guards to hand Parrot a news book. Dancho wants him to be alive to repay his debts to Merchant City, and as a result, Dancho allows Parrot for a group of Vanguard's assistance to investigate his case.

One of the guards brought in a crowd of cows in the guarded entrance of 
Capitol City
, smuggling Parrot secretly. His fellow vanguard Arthur claims they were traders and paid a stack of diamond to 
the policemen
, allowing them to enter.

Arthur, a knight in the Vanguard, appeared in the same rooftop with Theo. After a conversation he gets killed by 
ShoeBilly
.

After a successful smuggle, a vanguard offered Parrot a bow so that he can defend himself.

Two guards were seen with Parrot and his bodyguards while imprisoning the Police Force. Parrot thanks them for their help.

Parrot goes on a mission to hire teams including the Merchant City Vanguard. The guards didn't allow Parrot from entering alongside the bandits, but they allow Parrot himself, Theo, and 
Reina
 to enter. Parrot negotiates with Dancho and requests riches and his army, but Dancho refuses due to Parrot not repaying his debt and orders his guards to arrest Parrot.

After taking Dancho hostage, Parrot is greeted by the entire Vanguard and threatens to kill Dancho in front of them, repeating them to back up multiple times. One of the guards yell at Parrot but Theo provokes them back. Parrot uses Dancho as coercion material, but PrinceTetra threatens to kill Parrot and his bodyguards. Parrot threatens him back by raiding Merchant City with his bandits. One of the guards tells everyone that they don't have to work for Dancho once he's dead. The Vanguard turns against Dancho and he runs away.

In the civil war, Merchant City Vanguard is seen defending the front gates. After an anti-air attack that killed the majority of Cindercrest's soldiers, the guards begin to launch an attack against the weakened Cindercrest. Eventually the battle ends with the Royal Army's victory.

It wasn't long until Merchant City was attacked by the armies of 
Kingdom of the Caves
. The guards fought a big battle, with casualties being higher until they were forced to retreat. Cindercrest and the rest of spiders began to occupy the city and the remains of Merchant City and its Vanguard were presumably destroyed.

Trivia

The term "vanguard" can refer to intellectual pioneers, but in this case refers to a force of soldiers at the head of an army.