On the world's largest Hardcore Minecraft server, I challenged 1000 players to try to ban me off the Unstable SMP. This is my story of how I fought back as a Minecraft Trapper...
— 
SpokeIsHere

Minecraft Trapper VS 1000 Players
 is the 110th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

The episode begins with 
Spoke
 writing a message to the players of the Unstable SMP, challenging them all to a duel, giving them all a chance of revenge and to capture him for all his crimes. He ends the book off with the coordinates to his location with 
Mapicc
 and 
PrinceZam
. Zam thinks this is a bad idea when they're on top of a mountain in the middle of nowhere, Spoke said he specifically told them to bring everything they have, even Mapicc said he doesn't think they can take on all thousand players despite being geared. Spoke compares this fight to 
Wemmbu
 and 
Flame
's battle against the thousand players, but says it's worse because 
Leow0ok
 is commanding all of the players. Spoke shows Zam and Mapicc shows a secret base of command that has everything they needed to survive and has maps of every biome surrounding the one they are in, which has also been rigged with hundreds of traps per biome. Spoke shows them a sculk powered sensor that detected which direction the lawmen were coming from, and while they decorate their rooms, the sensor goes off. Since Spoke knows all the locations of the traps, he decides to go out himself and sets an ender pearl stasis chamber and tells Zam and Mapicc to stay at the base. The reason why he decided to keep them there is because someone used Spoke's stasis from the previous episode and used it against him and hid the truth from them.

The senor detected players coming from the dark oak forest, which had traps that were designed to blend in with the terrain, but had to be used within a short distance. Spoke drinks invis and sees a glimpse of the lawmen and takes off his armor. Spoke assumed Leo tasked them to scout and slip through his defenses, however this was further from the truth. Spoke finds a lone lawman that sees a fall trap and knocks them into it, he then puts his armor back on and dives into the army and activates his secret TNT minecarts hidden in the mushrooms. The lawmen start burning down the forest to deactivate all of Spoke's traps, which worked out. The scouts retreat and Spoke goes to set up more traps when all of a sudden he spots an invisible scout spying on him. A chase ensues and Spoke gets trapped by a 8x8 fall trap, but manages to save himself by clutching halfway down. Spoke looks up and sees that the player that he was chasing was no ordinary lawman, a flashback is shown where Spoke's stasis is pulled into the base shown earlier, he wonders why he got teleported there and why the three invisible people don't kill him right there and asks who they are. The main person with trims on their armor drinks milk and reveals themselves to be 
JumperWho
. He then realizes that Jumper was the one who deactivated his traps and built the beacons that led him to Leo, and especially the fact that she was the one that fought Leo. Spoke feels like Jumper would still try and kill Spoke despite their history, Jumper says she followed Spoke and his friends through the Nether and saw that they built an ender pearl stasis chamber. Spoke says Jumper has no more leverage on Spoke after pulling the pearl, but Jumper says she needs Spoke's help. She says they have one thing in common: they both want Leo dead, but for different reasons. Jumper dislikes the fact that Leo has been using spies as soldiers rather than actually using them for spying. Spoke says he's been doing fine and has a plan to kill Leo on his own and tells Jumper to not contact him again and forces them to leave his new base. Back to the present, Spoke says Jumper said so much about wanting to team and chose to attempt to kill him, Jumper vaguely responds back. Spoke reminds Jumper that he's fine on his own, Jumper says Spoke doesn't know half the amount of players that are hunting him down and that he won't be able to with her help. Jumper says she's only trying to keep him alive and Spoke says, "Is that so?" before pulling the TNT minecart with his fishing rod, causing it to blow up on Jumper and her spies. Spoke eats a chorus fruit and teleports down to the bottom of the trap and into a cave, he digs down all the way to bedrock while Jumper and her spies try to look for him. Zam pulls Spoke's stasis back to safety. While Spoke was gone, Zam and Mapicc found a hidden room that was blocked off, with an enchantment room and chests full of loot, Spoke knows this base was built by Jumper and that she wants to help, but he felt like he couldn't take anymore risks. Zam and Mapicc want to show off their rooms, and while they go over there, Spoke remembers that Jumper still had a hold of Zam and Mapicc's stasis somewhere, and that they were safer inside of the base than anywhere else and that Spoke and Leo's battle would have to stay between them. Spoke decides to go out again and sets a stasis, Zam and Mapicc wants to go out with Spoke because they're bored of staying inside of the base doing nothing, but Spoke gives them tasks to do.

Spoke leaves the base and goes towards the birch biome, which had dangerous traps such as landmines set up underneath the trees. Mapicc and Zam show up to the forest and meets up with Spoke, saying that Spoke left a book for them saying to come and that he changed his mind about leaving them behind. Spoke realizes Jumper left the book and tells them it's a dangerous biome to be in and that they needed to return back to the base, Zam accidentally triggers a landmine and they see why Spoke had a stasis. In the distance, a bunch of lawmen come and start to chase them, Spoke uses a spleef trap and gets a few kills off before running more. The landmines detonate as the lawmen follow them, removing a good percentage of the remaining lawmen. They make it to the most dangerous part of the biome, it appears to be a mined out chunk all the way down to the void, all three of them jump down to the side where beds are placed, reducing fall damage, while the rest lawmen fell down to their death. Despite what Spoke feared, he then realized that having his friends with him worked out and that there were no lawmen to go report back to Leo. Back at the base, Zam asks what the book was all about and Spoke vaguely answers that the stalker is still watching them and leaves it at that. He then changes the topic by saying they haven't seen Leo at all and says he has a way to find Leo. On surface, Spoke says they're going to find stragglers. Spoke comes from behind on a lawman and traps them in cobwebs. The three of them interrogate the lawman and asks for where Leo is at, but they say they don't know a Leow0ok and only knows a 
LettuceK
. Spoke says he has the lawman's closest friends captured and will spare them if they say anything about Leo. The lawman reveals that Leo is building something inside of a different snow biome, and Spoke ends up killing them right after.

Spoke, Zam, and Mapicc arrive at the snowy biome and see a small base built there. Zam says he's ready for a fight, but Spoke says it's annoying to deal with all the lawmen and would rather use the traps to reduce the amount of lawmen before facing Leo. The three of them pot up and stand in front of the base, Leo and the lawmen stand top of the walls. Spoke teases Leo by saying he's already lost a good amount of his army and to finish off the three of them while they're weak. Leo takes the bait and pearls in and starts attacking Spoke. Leo instructs the lawmen to target Spoke, but the lawmen keep chasing after all three of them, where they detonate the TNT minecarts underneath the roses, killing off almost everyone. Leo brings out the second wave of lawmen that was hiding inside of the base, the three of them use up the remaining landmines and kills all of them too. With the rest of the army dead, Leo begins to target Zam after seeing that he's in full diamond compared to Spoke and Mapicc who are in full netherite. Leo uses a TNT minecart on Zam, popping his totem, and webs Zam and is about to kill him. Jumper comes from behind a tree in full invis, splashes Zam with turtle master, wind charges right where a dandelion is placed, and ten charged creepers come flying out of the ground, popping Leo's totem. 

Jumper reveals herself to everyone, and Leo says that she just saved Zam's life and asks if she knew she was trying to kill him. Jumper says she knew, and Leo says she's stupid for trying to kill him and mentions that leaving the election was a bad idea and now attempting to kill him. Leo argues that Jumper thinks BAT has changed when it hasn't and that he's trying to kill off one of their bounties, being Spoke. Jumper says Leo is corrupt in the way he's doing it and says that he's been using her spies for the wrong purpose and that he changed the way BAT has been, and that he's slowly turning into Lettuce, someone that's pure evil. Spoke comes up and talks, he says they're not trying to work with Jumper and brings up the piston trap she pulled on him, how she's the one that stalked them in the 
Amplified
, and that she still has ahold of Zam and Mapicc's pearls. Spoke and Leo get riled up, they begin to pot back up and a fight starts between all of them. Spoke attacks both Jumper and Leo, while Jumper only wants to kill Leo, Leo's trying to fight off all four of them, and Zam and Mapicc are focused on Leo. Leo's armor begins to break and he uses an Elytra to fly away. Spoke doesn't have his Elytra in his inventory and looks through his ender chest to get it, but he doesn't chase. Spoke sees Jumper still there and yells at her, Jumper doesn't understand why Spoke is mad at her when she's only been trying to help. Spoke questions why she didn't chase Leo if she also had an Elytra on her, Jumper reveals that she's fought Leo before and almost died, and if she continued to chase, it would end in the same outcome as before. Spoke says he wouldn't let Jumper join his team when she's tried to kill him in the past and doesn't trust her at all. Jumper tries to address the things Spoke has accused her of, but Spoke doesn't let her and says the entire time Jumper's been setting up traps in case he betrays, that she has his friend's pearls just incase he's threat, and asks what makes her any different than Leo. Jumper says how Leo has sent thousands of players in battle to die, killed a bunch of people, and says she's a better person than Spoke. Spoke speaks up and questions why Jumper would want his help when there's better players for this mission, Jumper says she chose Spoke because they have the same motivation to take down Leo and that the entire server has to take down the alliance between Lettuce and Leo, and it all starts with them working together to take down Leo first. She then pots invis and flies away. Zam thinks that she's in the right because she has the same goals as us, but Mapicc argues that she has their pearls and has their lives in her hands. Zam doesn't know why they don't trust her, Spoke, after being silent this whole time, speaks up and says Jumper isn't as one-dimensional as she portrays herself, and he's seen moments where she's been genuine and where she has lied. He does believe that Jumper is trying to kill Leo, but doesn't understand why she chose the three of them to help. Spoke says they need more answers if they want any chance to defeat the army and needs to figure out where the main camp is, but needs to handle the problem of Jumper first. Spoke reveals that the direction Jumper went is the way the desert biome is, where Spoke had set up the most intricate traps yet and plans on trapping Jumper. Zam asks why Spoke kept the fact that Jumper had their pearls from them, Spoke says when he learned Jumper was the stalker, that anyone affiliated with him could be compromised and was scared.

Spoke is shown setting up a stasis while they make it to the desert biome. When they make it to the desert biome, Spoke gets all three of them to stand on their own corner of a sandstone block, revealing that there's a massive sand trap right below their feet and waits for Jumper to show up. In the distance, they see lawmen coming to their location rather than Jumper. Spoke says they can't activate the trap just yet and has to fend off for now. Spoke doesn't have the armor durability to fight off all of the lawmen, so he decides to pull the trap and kill off most of the lawmen. While the three are fighting off the rest of the lawmen, Jumper pulls Spoke's stasis. Spoke turns slowly and looks at Jumper, he says  he was hoping that he would be sent to a death trap or right in front of Leo, and that she had multiple chances to kill him and his friends and asks why she hadn't yet. Spoke asks why if Jumper wanted to make a team to stand against 
The Law
 would she come to him first when she knew he'd act like this, Jumper admits she didn't want to necessarily work with Spoke despite his past and that the person closest to being able to kill with Leo was Spoke and that was the reason why  Jumper came to him. Jumper says that there used to be so much more skillful and intelligent spies, but when Leo came along, they were all put into battle and the tradition died off, and mentions if  Leo and Lettuce continued to work together and conquer the server like they plan to, to imagine how much more would be taken from everybody else. Spoke says he doesn't know what he can do, Jumper says he can work with her and tells him to follow her. Spoke sets another stasis before following. Jumper builds up to the map and walks through the map, behind it is all black with a chain bridge that leads to a drop into the void. Jumper gives Spoke rockets and they begin flying underneath the bedrock to another hole in the bedrock. On the other side, they make it to a cave with names above them. They go invisible and go up, where another part of the cave has been mined out, they climb up more and overhear Leo asking if the machine is ready. Behold Spoke's eyes is a railgun that's facing the direction of Spoke's base. Leo talks to his lawmen and reveals that there are three other railguns ready to be used. Leo counts down and activates the railgun, it explodes through each side of the bunker, and Spoke's stasis is pulled by Zam and Mapicc. They say that the base was blown up multiple times, Spoke says that the lawmen will be coming from all sides at any moment and that they were never going to come from the surface. Jumper comes from one of the tunnels and says this was the opportunity to kill Leo, but Zam thinks running away was a better idea. Jumper says they can quickly prepare while they're coming and asks if the redstone had been blown up. They go to check and see that the materials hadn't been blown up, and Spoke says they can build something, but have to start building it immediately. They build a mini railgun contraption that blows up hundreds of lawmen from each direction, then start towering up to escape. Spoke, Jumper, and Mapicc all manage to escape, but Zam gets stuck down in the base while the lawmen attack him. Spoke remembers that Jumper still has his ender pearl, so they quickly run to the location and set it off, saving Zam's life.

All four of them escape the battlefield and Spoke thinks back of when he first wrote his declaration of war, he never thought it would end with him siding with somebody he once considered an enemy. He realizes that if he wanted to kill Leo, he'd only be able to do so with Jumper's help. As they fly away on a happy ghast, Spoke asks Jumper what's the next plan to save the server, Jumper says they have to recruit more people and asks Spoke if he had anyone in mind. Spoke tells them that there's a certain mace wielder on the server they have to pay a visit to.

Trivia

A lot of the traps used in this video were inspired by JudeLow's 
video
 against 500 hunters.