435th eggchan hostage situation
— 
Wemmbu

Minecraft Pro VS 1000 Player Civilization
 is the 121st episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

Wemmbu is about to fight a 1000-player civilization in order to save his best friend 
eggchan
. 

It all starts when egg asks Wemmbu for help as a massive army pulls up to their base and tries to kill them. Wemmbu lures them to a flat surface to orbital strike them, but they were prepared and all splash themselves with turtle master. Egg believes there's only one way to get out of this, which is to turn himself in and get taken as hostage, and so he sacrifices himself. Wemmbu isn't able to bruteforce his way through this army since he doesn't have enough supply and gear to take them on, so he follows the army from behind. Two players spot him and Wemmbu kills them without the rest of the army seeing, he sees that they had turtle master potions, which meant that this army was designed to target him. He then continues to follow the army for a while until they stop and stand in a large circle. 
Arachn1d_
 stands in the middle and talks to the leader of the 
Sculk Kingdom
, driftop99. Arachn1d tells driftop99 they caught eggchan and eventually will be able to capture Wemmbu and if Wemmbu attacks to send a messenger. The two groups split off and Wemmbu follows one that he believes that has egg.

The army goes to a castle that leads underground and leaves a couple guards to keep an eye out. Wemmbu tries to talk to the guards, but they shoot him with their bow. Driftop comes out and Wemmbu demands an explanation on why they kidnapped egg, and driftop says they just felt like it. Wemmbu knows he's lying and driftop is about to get his army to capture Wemmbu, but Wemmbu argues that he's only in protection 2 diamond armor and thinks he's weak for needing an army to take him on, so driftop takes on the 1v1. Wemmbu uses stab shots to quickly drain driftop's armor, driftop then uses the sculk on the ground to mend his armor back up. Wemmbu comes up with an idea and would most likely die if he didn't pull it off, so he pops a turtle master, gets up in driftop's face and stab shots, survives it, and maces driftop when he's low and kills him. Wemmbu grabs the armor pieces right before the guards watching over jump down and start attacking Wemmbu. This causes the army inside to pull a trap that launches wardens right where Wemmbu is standing. Wemmbu kills the guards and the wardens get near him and start attacking him, causing him to flee the area. Wemmbu uses the sculk blocks dropped by driftop to mend the armor. A warden comes closer to Wemmbu, he tries to stab shot himself to launch himself towards the castle, but it fails, so he walks back. 

He walks deeper down the cave and investigates the kingdom built around an ancient city. He overhears 
yungyx
 talking to one of the soldiers, the soldier asks why he wants to capture Wemmbu and yungy tells them not to worry about it and to stick with the deal. Wemmbu sneaks around the army that appears to be fishing and enters the large castle, where he thinks egg may be held hostage in. It then switches to egg's POV where he's being interrogated by two people, who only want to know about the 
abandoned civilization
 since he's the lore holder of the server. Egg pulls out his journal that holds all the info, the people then force him to give up the journal and then puts him in a cage. When the guards aren't looking, egg breaks out of the cage, but is still stuck on the platform surrounded by lava. Wemmbu keeps trying to get his attention until egg realizes and pearls over to him. Wemmbu stab shots a random location knowing that it goes up to surface. He gets egg to throw a pearl and plans on stab shotting it, but forgets to pull the stab shot. The army is alerted of their presence, Wemmbu kills two guards and gives egg the armor they dropped, he stab shots egg upwards, egg launches up and lands in a river. Wemmbu gets chased around by the army, egg comes back with a handoff, but there's too many people around to drop it. Egg goes in the walls and Wemmbu digs to him. Egg places a shulker box with a full netherite set, stacks of gapples, bottles of exp, breeze rods, and a netherite spear. Wemmbu asks where egg all of this from, egg says he spoke to the Lord 
Linnwrym
, the great sage of the sea. Wemmbu comes out of the walls and starts killing the army with ease. Egg says the same thousand player army is about to come and they should loot now or run, he decides to dig down a few blocks and hide in the middle of the room. Wemmbu asks egg if he's had the gear the entire time and egg says he did only in case of an emergency and didn't know that Wemmbu needed it at the beginning. Wemmbu then pots up, ready to take on the thousand players. 

Wemmbu jumps right in the fight and hears yungy with them and starts to target him. He then pulls a stab shot and kills hundreds of players in a matter of seconds. Yungy instructs his army to break Wemmbu's armor, but with the sheer amount of sculk down there, Wemmbu has no problem repairing his armor back to full durability. Yungy decides to retreat with his army when he sees this battle was unwinnable. A few players of the army stay back, Wemmbu spares their lives if they're there chilling and goes find egg. Egg is back in the cage with his armor off, Wemmbu breaks him out and asks egg to store all of the loot so they can sell later. Egg has no inventory space and Wemmbu realizes the equipment might not even be that good, so they leave.

The last scene ends with BaneC0untry and marine2021, players of the civilization talking, Bane explains how the whole civilization was evacuated, but atleast the two of them survived. 
The invisible player from the last episode
 sneaks up on them and blows up marine with a TNT minecart, Bane begs for his life, but is killed right after. The invisible player picks up eggchan's journal from Bane's inventory as the episode ends.

Trivia

Wemmbu, Flame, and Spoke all had issues with their latest videos in some way and mentioned it in their own comments section respectively.

This is the first time Eggchan's POV can be seen in a video that's not just a screenshot.

The thumbnail has been changed 2 times

Wemmbu's OptiFine cape can be seen in the thumbnail.