jaden betray
— 
FlameFrags

Minecraft Combat Master VS Mace Pro
 is the 59th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.  

Plot

Flame
 is out for revenge on 
Jaden_MAN
 for betraying him, and with no leads on where Jaden could be, Flame returns to his old base, the one place Jaden would come looking. When Jaden gets there, he gives Flame one last chance to join his Pirate Civilization and if he doesn't, he would get hunted down by him and his pirates. Flame doesn't accept the offer, so Jaden runs off and lets his pirates deal with Flame, but all die in the process. Flame needs to prepare for the next encounter with Jaden, but his base is in shambles and calls up Lomedy to help rebuild it. They flatten out the land and Flame goes inside of his base to brew potions, while that's happening, Jaden attacked Lomedy and stole one of his maces. Flame and Jaden begin to fight until it starts to rain, which allows Jaden to use his riptide trident more efficiently with the mace, Flame's shield breaks and all of his totems pop, Flame goes in a cave and tells Jaden to fight him inside of the cave, but Jaden taunts Flame by proving that the immortal demon ran from a fight. Neither of them want to go in or out of the cave, so Jaden gives Flame a compass that leads to the pirate islands and only to come when it's raining. Flame comes up with the idea to use slow falling arrows, but have no idea to get them, Lomedy tells him that he has some, but it comes with a price. Lomedy wants Flame to grief 
Spongs
, his rival farmer's base for the arrows. 

Flame and Lomedy use their Happy Ghast to fly over to Spongs' farm, Lomedy goes and distracts Spongs while Flame kills all his animals and blows up his house. They run away on their Happy Ghast and go back to Flame's base, Lomedy gives him the slow falling arrows, but he thinks Jaden's trident mace combo is overpowered and offers his other mace, but Flame would rather win the fight with actual skill. Flame heads close enough to the pirate islands and waits for it to rain before moving closer. Flame kills off a bunch of pirates in full iron armor demanding to know where Jaden is, he gets to the castle and finds Jaden. Flame says how he saved Jaden, but Jaden retaliates by saying how Flame betrayed first and that he gave everything to him after Flame let him out, his pirates, his castle, and the mace. They begin to fight and Flame uses the slow falling arrows which work very effectively, Jaden agrees to stop using his strategy in exchange for Flame to stop using slow falling. Jaden loses the sword fight and tells Flame he's the villain for betraying first, but Flame says Jaden was using him and that they were brothers and Jaden was his last brother. Jaden says Flame just started a war with the pirates and his team will be more powerful the next time they see him. Flame goes back to his base and tells Lomedy the news about how he cut Jaden off for good and they can go back to fix their base in peace. Unfortunately for them, Spongs and 
Willsion
 are right outside of Flame's base ready to get their revenge.

Trivia

The video was originally called 
I Got Betrayed on a Hardcore Minecraft SMP
 before being changed to 
I Got BETRAYED on the Unstable SMP.