Minecraft's Best Players Simulate PVP Tournament
— 
FlameFrags

Minecraft's Best Players Simulate PVP Tournament
 is the 145th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

Spoiler Alert

FlameFrags
 is invited to a 
tournament
 by 
Antaggg
. He arrives with the goal of avenging 
TheG0DofWar
's death. FlameFrags is greeted by a player in diamond armor who offers to give him a tour. Flame accepts and they lead him to a meeting. Antag speaks to the players gathered there and explains the rules to all of them. He ends by says that if you agree to these rules write your name in the book to enter the competition. Flame does so with the mindset that the rules seemed reasonable enough. 

The first arena is a fairly basic arena designed like a castle. His first opponent is a player named WitherSt0rm_. The pair do a usual sword fight, and Flame manages to kill WitherSt0rm; moving directly onto the next round. 

Antag meets him on the way to the next arena at tells Flame that he's surprised he beat Witherst0rm. Antag then offers to escort Flame. They arrive at the arena which is a large hole in the ground with various rocks and water pools. Flame accidentally falls and pops him totem upon landing. He meets his second opponent named LordWhirlwind who uses a trident for movement speed in combat. Flame is annoyed that the arena seems to benefit his opponent but still wins despite this advantage. 

Antag gathers all the contestants again and tells them that there will be a small break before the next round. Flame waits around by a fountain and some of the other contestants come over to mock him as he has nothing special that he does. 
Falconu
 defends Flame and points out that if they all had the same kit Flame would beat everyone easily. This doesn't faze the other contestants, but they stop mocking Flame. Flame finds Falconu to thank him for backing him up. The pair realizes that they've met before as Falconu was 
Lettuce
's first second-in-command. Falconu explains that he signed up not to fight, but to simply gather information on Antag as Antag has be terrorizing his new kingdom lately. Flame understands this and says he's there to avenge GODofWar's death. The diamond player from earlier shows up and says it's time for the next round so Flame and Falconu part ways. 

Flame's third arena is in a deep dark themed arena against a player named PhantomZONE. He gets annoyed with all Antag as to say of him is "Flamefrags from the mesa" but is unable to give Antag something better to say. The pair begin to fight, and it goes well for Flame until a warden spawns and decides to target him. Flame manages to kill the warden and quickly defeats PhantomZONE after that. He moves onto the finals much to Anatg's astonishment. 

Four the finals Anatg allows Flame and a player named Smokebomb_ (who had beaten Falconu) to pick someone on the island to be their teammate for the round. Flame picks Falconu because he respects him and Smokebomb picks a player named ItzSharpen. Flame and Falconu talk and Falconu warns Flame to be careful of Smokebomb's fighting style which is a mixture of macing and tnt minecarts. Flame complains about the arenas benefiting his opponent, but Falconu is confused and it's revealed that only Flame has been switching arena every round. They continue on to the next arena which is volcano themed. The pair successfully defeat Smokebomb and ItzSharpen who both surrender. 

Antag reveals to Flame that winner is awarded a battle against him. Flame is suspicious of this as last time Antag had all kinds of tricks up his sleeves. He debates this with Falconu and they eventually decide to ask for some more rules to be put in place. Flame asks Antag for the rules of no restocking from enderchests or shulkers and only two stacks off xp bottles. Antag agrees and the fight begins. At first Flame is winning by a large margin, but as the fight drags on, he becomes drained despite Antag seemingly not being so. Flame's armor breaks and he's forced to surrender to a very smug Antag. 

Flame leaves with only his chestplate still intact. He makes it to the docks but is stopped by Falconu who says he stayed to watch. Falconu reveals that Antag was cheating the whole time. Every time he had disappeared, he was really switching places with another player. Flame was winning, but he simply had been outsmarted. He explains that to defeat Antag they have to catch him outside of his environment when he least expects it. He then asks Flame for help with something and in exchange he would guarantee a fair fight with Antag. Flame agrees. 

Trivia

Mirroring the last video, from 
I Became the Strongest on the Unstable SMP
 to now marks the first time that a protagonist uploaded 
four
 videos before 
another
 
protagonist
 uploaded their next.

Despite being dead, 
TheGODofWar
 is in the thumbnail.

LettuceK
 said in a stream that 
Falconu
 leaving 
The Law
 wasn't canon and that it was Falcon's own interpretation of what happened to his character.