I am the most powerful player in all of Minecraft, and I'm about to battle an army of over 1,000 players all by myself.
— 
Wemmbu

Minecraft Pro VS 1000 Players
 is the 111th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

After 
Wemmbu
 had gotten his hands on orbital strike cannons again, he has become the most powerful player on the Unstable SMP once more, ready to take down 
The Law
 once and for all. After entering the end portal at the end of the previous video, Wemmbu sees that the end had been reformed into a Law base with lawmen guarding from each side. He kills lawmen to get their gear as his armor was low on durability, dozens of lawmen on the other side of the wall slowly break down the ancient debris separating them, Wemmbu runs the other way with the lawmen on his side still chasing after him. He pulls a fishing rod expecting an orbital strike cannon to pop out, but suddenly realizes that the cannons only worked in the overworld, with no other option, he has to figure out how to escape. He reunites with 
eggchan
 and they start to run upwards into the base. Wemmbu drops down and goes back up at another part of the base, egg awaits him there and leads him towards a bridge that he built in the meantime. Wemmbu breaks the bridge as they cross as the lawmen bridges towards them. Wemmbu bows the lawmen to give them some time, he spots an ice bridge below them and tells egg to bridge over. They drop downwards and Wemmbu breaks the ice, which causes the entire bridge to break and turn into water, Wemmbu tells egg to riptide trident over the gap and they manage to get away for now.

With a few stragglers on the outer end islands with them, Wemmbu pots up and kills the lawmen for their armor. They walk out more in hopes of finding 
MinuteTech
, but thinks Minute may have left the End. As they wander, Wemmbu talks about how him and Minute had a 
similar situation
 with the portal being guarded. Egg says Baablu told him about that plan and mentioned stashes he placed inside of the End to ensure that he didn't fail again. Wemmbu asks egg if he knew the locations of it, egg says he wrote one of them down. Egg looks through his books and says the stash is stored at 10k, 10k, which was a short journey from where they were now. Nearing the coordinates, they spot a house built that's glowing. The outer end islands stop forming and they're forced to bridge out. They get closer to the build and see Minute sitting there. Wemmbu says they need to borrow a stash, Minute says this wasn't the stash, but rather his temporary house, then asks how they got into the End if they were being hunted. Wemmbu says it wasn't a good idea for Minute to give up the End, Minute says 
Lettuce
 told him his plan of bringing peace to the main overworld, but hadn't been there himself to see it, but believes it was for a better cause. Wemmbu reveals to Minute that Lettuce is worse than he thought by attempting to kill candidates, rigging the election, and much more. Minute realizes that he's been blindsighted, he doesn't fully believe Wemmbu, but still goes on to trust him. He still gives Wemmbu the direction of the stash, he says after they'll go back to the main end island together, and if The Law reacts to Wemmbu like the way he's explained them to be, then he'll believe the story. Minute gives Wemmbu rockets as the stash requires an Elytra to get there and explains the stash is under a chorus fruit at a specific coordinate. Wemmbu finds the island the stash is at and counts the branches, but sees the bottom of the center one glowing. As soon as he breaks the last block he's standing on top of, an observer sets off TNT, Wemmbu quickly mines the blocks facing north and opens a chest with two shulker boxes full of items and Elytras up before TNT blows up the entire island. 

Wemmbu flies back to the island with Minute and egg and share the stash between the three of them. Minute asks what their plan was before coming there and Wemmbu explains that he tried to use his orbital cannons but wasn't able to do so, so the next step was to go back to spawn in order to use the orbitals. Minute dislikes the idea of banning tons of players, so he wants to take the fight away from spawn where there's only lawmen. As they make their journey back to the main end island, a flashback plays with Wemmbu and 
Parrot
 before Wemmbu used the ender pearl cannon back to the 
Far Lands
, Parrot explains that Wemmbu will feel unstoppable with orbitals in his hands again, but he won't be able to take down The Law through bruteforce, Lettuce has won by blackmailing and manipulation to beat people and tells Wemmbu to be smart about it. The flashback ends, they make it back to the start of the outer end islands, Wemmbu tells egg to stay back while Wemmbu and Minute kill the lawmen. Wemmbu distracts the lawmen and kills them while Minute makes a safe tunnel for egg to go through later, he sees 
TheG0dofWar
, the commander that egg had mentioned earlier that was incredibly strong, but instantly pops his totem expecting him to be better. He sees egg at the main island and asks why he came, egg said the signal was activated so he came, Wemmbu tells him it's still in the works. Wemmbu gets egg to go on the high ground so Minute can protect him, the lawmen switch their focus onto Wemmbu, he goes to a safe location to mend his armor before reentering the battle. Minute says the path has been made and needs to go up onto the main tower, but egg's pearls keep going the wrong direction, so they have to direct him to the right tower. They get on top of the main tower and Minute tells them to go to the other tower across from them with the wood on top, Wemmbu pearls over and gives egg Minute's Elytra, Minute arrives shortly after and Wemmbu gives him his Elytra back, Minute tells them to follow him once he places wood underneath the island, and they do so. TheG0dofWar finds them and begins to attack them, Wemmbu tells the two to keep going without him, Wemmbu kites TheG0dofWar around and manages to lose him quickly and flies underneath the island and meets back up with Minute and egg. They all pearl through the end portal and go back to spawn.

At spawn, the lawmen don't realize that they had gone through and is shown to be killing the random players with no armor instead. TheG0dofWar shows up, Wemmbu thinks about sending an orbital, but Minute reminds him to not use it around the civilians. Egg tells them they can use the obsidian highway, Wemmbu starts using his stab shots to try and kill the lawmen, he tells egg to hide inside of the wall while him and Minute go and restock. While they're restocking, Minute hears someone take damage above them and looks up to be TheG0dofWar, who says his sheckles has been set free. Wemmbu laughs at him and the two begin to fight him. They get him cobwebbed underground and Wemmbu pulls multiple stab shots on him, but didn't pop a single totem. Wemmbu's leggings and shield breaks, Minute gives him a new shield and more rockets, he tells Wemmbu to leave, but not to kill Lettuce. Wemmbu flies towards the 
Northern Council
, hundreds of lawmen await his arrival, Wemmbu sets off an orbital and kills off a bunch of lawmen in one. The fight goes on and Wemmbu uses more of his orbitals and nuke shots while macing them too. After a few more orbitals and stab shots, Wemmbu manages to kill off the entire army of lawmen and flies into the Northern Council, Lettuce stands right in the middle. Wemmbu asks if Lettuce had given up and thinks he's too scared to fight with his army, Lettuce says he was just observing. Wemmbu says to give his army better armor next time, as if there will be a next time. Lettuce says he wanted to see if he could use something, Wemmbu asks what that means, and Lettuce reveals that he has 
Jaden
's life on the line if he pulled the fishing rod in his hand.