On the Unstable SMP, I was attacked by elite bounty hunters with unintelligible names and completely blank skins. This is how I fought back as a Minecraft Trapper...
— 
SpokeIsHere

Minecraft Trapper VS Elite Bounty Hunters
 is the 119th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

The episode begins with 
Spoke
 inside of his base enchanting, when all of a sudden his alarm alerted him of players nearby. Spoke assumes it was bandits and would have them go through his traps first, but they turned out to be more dangerous than he thought. 
Skinless players with jumbled names
 came barging in and dodge the first trap, run into the base and attack Spoke. This isn't a fight Spoke can take on, so he kites all of the hunters into the middle of the base and sets off a piston trap and drops all of them down on dripstone. Spoke wind charges a lever which activates a stasis, pulling 
JumperWho
 and her spies to investigate, as there were no death messages. Spoke believes that someone had hired these hunters to go after him, but doesn't know how to fight them if they don't fear death. Jumper says she's seen them, but doesn't know anything about the hunters. And even with her spies, there had no leads to figuring out who they are. Spoke packs up his base and Jumper gives him a paper with coordinates to a safehouse, but he doesn't take it if Jumper isn't going to work on the mission on finding 
Mapicc
. 

Spoke goes invisible and wanders off into the wilderness of the Unstable SMP. He talks to the viewers and explains that he hasn't seen Mapicc in over four weeks and after searching around for a few days, he hired Jumper and her spies to help. He says what was strange about the hunters was that they carried a shield with the same pattern as the one Mapicc gave him before the big battle against The Law. He goes closer to spawn to find more bases to camp in temporarily, finds a secret one in a mountain, and kills the person living there before him for being a hazard. He quickly realizes that was a bad idea since it would be shown to anyone nearby, and so he sets up a TNT minecart trap right above the entrance. He waits and sees the hunters coming closer, and when they enter the tunnel leading into the base, Spoke activates the trap, several hunters get their totems popped and they vanish instantly. Spoke escapes from the base with the remaining hunters chasing after him. The hunters have speed, which covers more horizontal ground and Spoke uses this to his advantage and uses pearls and his trident to get a lead from them. Spoke breaks into somebody's house and restocks, the hunters come shortly after and kill off the resident living there. He tries to leave the base fully invis, but the hunters see him and foils his plan. Spoke still manages to make it out and uses blue ice to gain speed and outrun them, and with no other choice, he decides to go to the coordinates to the safehouse. Spoke then decides to tower up and Elytra the rest of the way there. Although he dislikes using the Elytra, he thought it was necessary since it was an emergency. 

Only 200 blocks away, Spoke hides in a mountain quickly to use the bathroom and enables sneak toggle and lets the hunters run by. He inches closer and closer to the safehouse, but the hunters are tailing right behind him. Spoke enters the house, which seemed abandoned, but then spies come up from the ground and start fighting the hunters, giving Spoke time to escape. Jumper was also at the house and the two leave together as the hunters are distracted. Spoke asks if this was the safehouse, but Jumper said it wasn't and that it was just a house. As they run, the leader of the group, 
_1_88_____x
 chases after them, but then loses them after getting to the escape tunnel. At the end of the escape tunnel is the real safehouse, and Jumper instructs Spoke to stay inside of it until she and her spies handle it. Spoke says they don't know how the hunters work and he's seen it work in the past and says they're unkillable. However, Spoke knows a trap that can kill someone even with a totem and says that it's already built and will show Jumper it if he wasn't held hostage inside of the base they were standing inside of. 

They arrive at the trap, which turns out to be the same arrow railgun cannon they built inside in a previous episode. Spoke explains that you can trick the game into shooting it milliseconds after the first shot, and that it looks like there's three shots all in one. Jumper asks Spoke how he knows if killing them would stop this, but Spoke says it may not, but it would get a closer lead on figuring out where Mapicc is. Spoke brings up how Jumper had seen them before and asks what she saw, Jumper tells Spoke that she followed them along with her spies followed one of the hunters and based on what they found, they have a reason to believe Mapicc is still alive. She goes on and says how one of her traders went missing, so she went to the trader's base and saw the exact same hunters, so she followed the hunters for thousands of blocks, when all of a sudden, they'd stop moving and look into the distance. She got closer to get a better view of what happened and saw an armless player and they all started walking in a straight line. It was revealed that there was a bounty on that armless player's head and an hour later it was claimed and that they were dead, three hours before she saw that player marching. Spoke now understands that they're trying to break all of his armor to do the same thing to him. Spoke thinks this is a bigger threat than trying to find Mapicc and wants to put an end to this and wants to help out. 

As they walk to their destination, Jumper explains their targets have all had bounties on their heads, Spoke included, and Jumper went to Merchant City and kidnapped the person responsible for this. She says the person doesn't want to talk to Jumper or her spies, but was willing to talk to Spoke. They make it to the location and Jumper breaks a block, revealing a ladder going underground into an obsidian tunnel. Multiple spies guard the entire thing, and once they reach the obsidian box that holds the person, a guard breaks the obsidian, allowing Spoke and Jumper inside. The person that's responsible for this is 
SirPig_
, former mayor of 
Capitol City
. He tells Jumper to leave and that everything is between him and Spoke. Spoke confronts SirPig and asks what he knows about the hunters, but SirPig says he has no idea. Spoke tries to bribe him to tell him information, but SirPig tells Spoke to stop worrying about him and start worrying about himself. Spoke says he's trying to work with him and asks for any clues, but all SirPig says is that all they asked for was a token to prove Spoke was dead as the chestplate gifted to him. Spoke asks for a name one last time or else SirPig dies, SirPig then pulls a fishing rod and stasises out. 

Spoke hears dozens of people right outside the box and tons of hunters come in and start attacking him. Jumper comes to help him get out, they get onto the surface, but the hunters make it up before them. Spoke tries to wind charge and pearl to get the hunters off their tail, but the hunters, specifically their leader, catch up quickly. The firework rockets shred through their armor and their resources slowly drain. Spoke tells Jumper he has a way to escape, but she won't be able to catch up and tells her to escape on her own for now. Spoke goes on top of a hill full invis and spots Jumper coming up, he quickly asks for an ender chest and grabs an invis potion from a shulker box. He splashes the both of them with invis and they go full invis and hide in a tree, losing track of the hunters. Jumper says her spies are in formation and they need to go activate the trap. The hunters stand looking at Spoke and Jumper, and as they get closer, Jumper commands her spies to come out. The spies serve as a distraction for the hunters. Spoke's armor starts to break, only having his chestplate and a turtle helmet left. Spoke and Jumper run from the fight with the leader, the only one chasing after them. As they near the trap, Spoke tells Jumper to get there first and he'll be there after. Spoke makes it to the house and kites the hunter around as Jumper prepares the trap. Once the trap is set up, Spoke runs towards it and wind charges above, and Jumper sets off the trap and kills them in an instant. Their inventory is scattered all over the floor, and Spoke picks up a book named "
mission: null
".

Trivia

The shield that both Spoke and the bounty hunters use is illegal to make in survival Minecraft. In survival, it only allows players to put six patterns, but this shield uses nine or ten, and is only obtainable using command blocks, as even using chat to type in the command is too long.

In the comment section of the video, Spoke says that he got sick and the video was originally meant to be aired a week earlier.

Throughout the video, Spoke can be seen visibly in danger whenever he's near roses, which hints that the death of 
iMajesticRose
 is what's been haunting him.