You don't wanna end up being the villain of your own story.
— 
MinuteTech
 to 
Wemmbu
 to in 
How I SAVED the Unstable SMP

MinuteTech
, also known as 
Minute
, is a major supporting character in 
Unstable Universe
. He currently wields two of the last few remaining 
maces
 left on the server, with three more stashed away in a shulker box. He is the End Guardian and a former diamond tier 
Mafia
 member. 

Contents

1
 
Personality

2
 
History

2.1
 
Season 1

2.2
 
Season 2

3
 
Boundaries

4
 
Quotes

5
 
Trivia

6
 
Gallery

7
 
Navigation

Personality

Minute is a stoic and cautious individual, in part due to his prolonged experience of being on the run from 
the Mafia
. He  sets up multiple traps around the server, constantly moves his base, and always prefers to have a plan before carrying out operations. He views having teammates as a liability, but he is also shown being selfless and protective over his newfound friends- going out of his way to save 
Spoke
 and 
Mapicc
, sharing his resources (even God Apples, armor sets, and XP). He ends up sacrificing himself to allow 
Spoke
 and 
Planet
 to escape from the hundreds of 
invisible players.

He is a highly skilled player and PVPer, with his presence alone giving a sense of safety and security to his team who are confident in his abilities. Upon being forced to join the Mafia, he is immediately given the position of a diamond tier player. 

He has a good sense of right or wrong, always making the most morally just decision. 

History

Season 1

Near the beginning of the server, Minute was a part of the original team that formed the Mafia. However, he left when 
Ashswagg
 assumed leadership and avoided the practice of setting a stasis chamber, preventing the execution that came from leaving. 

MinuteTech saves Spoke and 
Mapicc
 from the Mafia in the nether. Spoke and Mapicc secretly follow him back to his base. They are attacked underground by the Mafia. MinuteTech is able to kill one of the players using a mace and they manage to escape. 

PlanetLord
 introduces 
baconnwaffles0
 and 
TheRealSquiddo
 to MinuteTech. A Mafia member named 
BobDaGreenFrog
 tries to kill them, and baconnwaffles0 runs away. MinuteTech kills the mafia member. The Mafia starts trying to kill them. They mysteriously give MinuteTech a book, to which MinuteTech replies "no". The Mafia continues attacking them. They are able to escape. 

The team goes over to the outpost and finds a very large amount of invisible players. MinuteTech messages the team to run away after being handed a book. 

While 
Spoke
 and PlanetLord are in 
Jamato
's now destroyed base, they see Ashswagg. Ashswagg reveals that MinuteTech is now working for him, and orders him to kill Spoke and PlanetLord. Spoke and PlanetLord are able to escape from MinuteTech. 

Spoke has to fight a diamond tier player to become diamond tier. Spoke's totem of undying is used during the fight, revealing to Ashswagg that he is Spoke. Spoke and his friends try to kill Ashswagg but he escapes using a stasis chamber. The diamond tier player reveals he is MinuteTech. 

Minute helps Spoke attempt to warn people about the Mafia, but a disagreement causes Spoke to rashly push his friend away. Minute later shows up at the Mafia Stasis Chambers and they head to Ashswagg's base to kill the dictator. Minute and Mapicc are for killing Ash, but Spoke eventually is convinced to let Ash live as he doesn't want to be like Ash.  

Season 2

MinuteTech got possession of the whole end. He controlled everyone who entered the End, but some players did not like this and tried to fight him. 
Baablu
 and 
Fantst
 had a goal to respawn the ender dragon, duplicate it, and bring it to spawn, with Babblu recruiting 
Wemmbu
 to help them. They succeeded, but Baablu betrayed Wemmbu and revealed he was just using him. Wemmbu and Minute then worked together to retake the end from their team. 

When in the 
Far Lands
, 
Eggchan
 set his spawn and became trapped in the end. Minute welcomed him and allowed him to stay with him in the end. 

When Wemmbu was visiting Minute and Egg in the end, he talked about how he had nothing to do on the server after becoming the strongest. Egg suggested he create a new identity in which he could experience the server as a normal member. Minute agreed to help Wemmbu fake his death but warned him to be careful. 

One day, while selling an elytra to a random player, 
FlameFrags
 went into the end and confronted MinuteTech. Though at first the interaction was peaceful, it eventually broke into a fight when MinuteTech refused to tell him where Wemmbu was, which was Flame's objective. After an annoying fight, MinuteTech then reassures to Flame that Wemmbu is indeed dead but Flame refused to believe him. He then fled to the outer end islands. 

Wemmbu came through the end portal to visit and free Eggchan from his prison in the end. However, he is followed by players from the 
LAW
. Minute killed them and then asked Wemmbu what was happening where Wemmbu revealed that he was now a wanted criminal. Wemmbu caught up Minute and Egg on what had been happening on the server, since they never left the end. After Wemmbu finishes, Minute revealed that he indented to give the end to the LAW due to wanting to do what was best for the dimension. He said that he doesn't agree with 
LettuceK
 being the solo leader of the sever due to what happened with the mafia, but since Lettuce had tried to take the end multiple times, he wouldn't be able to hold it for much longer. He also mentioned that he somewhat agreed with the LAW's end goal.  

Wemmbu returned to the end to free it from the LAW. He found Minute in the outer end islands and Minute told them that he had stashed away resources that could help them fight the army. Wemmbu retrieved them. Minute, Wemmbu, and Eggchan went back to the main end island to fight the army stationed there. They escape to the overworld, where Wemmbu would be able to use his orbital strike canons to defeat the rest of the army. Minute tells him to draw the fight away from spawn, due to the abundance of innocents in the area. Wemmbu did what Minute said and led the army away before defeating it, giving Minute control of the end again.  

JumperWho
 brings Minute to save Spoke, Mapicc, and 
PrinceZam
 from the Law. He was, however, upset at Spoke for raiding the End with 1000 players, and originally planned on killing him. Spoke apologized and Minute ends up sparing him.  

Minute fought alongside 
District 13
 at the Battle of the Northern Council. When the army was defeated, LettuceK fled. Minute and Wemmbu chased after him, but he escaped. While Wemmbu was angry, Minute told him that it wasn't necessarily a bad thing, since the server would now know who he really was and that was plenty of punishment. The two returned to the rest of District 13 to break the news. When Lettuce returned to the 
Northern Council
 and surrendered, they held a vote to decide what to do with him. Minute voted to spare him, mirroring what he had told Wemmbu earlier. Wemmbu also took his speech to heart and voted to let Lettuce live despite his former goal of killing the LAW leader.  

Boundaries

No NSFW

No shipping

Quotes

"
"Don't be the villain of your own story."
"

— to 
Wemmbu
 in 
How I SAVED the Unstable SMP

Trivia

Kaboodle
 was originally meant to play Minute's role.

He had five maces, two he wielded and three stashed in a shulker box.

The two maces he currently wields are named 
Knightfall
 and 
Vengeance
. 
Knightfall
 is enchanted with Density 5 and 
Vengeance
 has Breach 4.

Gallery

 
 
 
 
The Guardian of the End
 
 

Navigation