One last thing, I would say good luck, but that would be bad luck for me.
— 
MrCube6
 to 
ParrotX2
, in 
I Got Hunted by a Minecraft Redstone Genius

MrCube6
, also known as 
MrCube
, is a character featured in 
Unstable Universe
. He served as the main antagonist in 
I Got Hunted by a Minecraft Redstone Genius
.

Personality

MrCube6 is portrayed as a redstone genius, being able to build ingenious traps and machines for varying purposes. His ability to think outside of the box while making his traps has allowed him to trap Parrot multiple times. He is described as being able to think several steps ahead and having a contingency plan for anything that could happen.

History

MrCube6 tried to assassinate 
ParrotX2
 by trapping him under the void. 
Derapchu
 found Parrot and saved him.

Derapchu was trapped by MrCube on a pressure plate. Parrot and the team had to figure out which redstone lines to activate to save him and the entire base from exploding within a certain amount of time. MrCube also said that he sent a TNT bomber plane towards their base. They were able to save Derapchu.

Parrot set up a trap and caught MrCube. They trapped him in a prison. MrCube managed to escape. MrCube stole all of the gear shulker boxes from the headquarters. MrCube gave these items to 
4CVIT
. Parrot and Derapchu took the shulker boxes of items back. A team of bandits try to steal from Parrot and Derapchu, but fail.

Bounty Assassin Team
 found MrCube and detained him. 
JumperWho
 gave MrCube a pot and a dandelion. MrCube escaped with a stasis chamber, but not before he gave Parrot a book by 
The Director
. The book stated something about a dandelion, implying that The Director somehow knew that MrCube got a dandelion.

BAT went over to 
4CVIT
's redstone shop to see if The Director is there. They eventually found a player wearing the same armor as The Director. They forced him to drink milk, revealing he was MrCube. The real Director appeared, saved and criticized MrCube. The Director gave Parrot an ultimatum to find his identity and set off a TNT trap, but BAT managed to fly up in time.

Boundaries

No NSFW

Gallery

Thumbnails

Navigation