On the Unstable SMP, my best friend, Mapic, disappeared... leaving me to believe he had died, and Unstable being a hardcore server, he would never be able to return...
— 
SpokeIsHere

My Best Friend Died on the Unstable SMP
 is the 98th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

Spoke
 and 
Mapicc
 were running low on resources, so Spoke sends Mapicc off on a mission to get resources, Spoke convinces Mapicc to set an ender pearl stasis as well. Mapicc is given blue ice blocks and lily pads from Spoke when leaving in case he needs to escape. After an hour, Mapicc has yet to return, so Spoke pulls his stasis, Mapicc appears for a split second and sounds afraid, screaming that "We have to run" multiple times while he was running with arrows all over him, before getting teleported again. Spoke thinks that Mapicc was taken by Leow0ok and packs up his items and heads to the Mafia stash. Spoke arrives and sees the aftermath of the fight between Mapicc and the spies, the fight was taken recently, as their items were still on the ground. He sees signs of Mapicc being there, seeing that he used the blue ice during the fight. Spoke has the thought of Mapicc possibly being with 
PrinceZam
, and so he goes to Zam's base.

When he left the stash, eight spies are shown watching his every move, and follows him to Zam's base. Spoke flies and dodges their attacks while trying to look for an ice biome, where he had already set up TNT launchers that launched hundreds of TNT up in the air, killing all the spies except one, who turned out to be 
Leow0ok
. Leo starts to attack Spoke, planning to ban him off the server. Spoke uses a TNT and fishing rod stunt, but Leo's TNT minecart strategies were too strong for him. Spoke runs away and asks Leo if he's hiding anything, trying to get Leo to confirm if he knew what happened to Mapicc. He gets Leo off his trail and goes to PrinceZam's base, which appeared to have been ransacked. A hidden sign has a secret message that tells the coordinates of his new base, and so Spoke goes out to find it. A flashback is shown where Spoke and Mapicc were looting random bases and find banner patterns, Mapicc puts a brick pattern with an orange and yellow gradient on his shield. The flashback ends and Spoke flies by the base where the flashback took place. Spoke enters Zam's new base and asks him if he has seen Mapicc, to which he replies he has not seen Mapicc since a while, and how he's too busy moving from base to base. Spoke plans on going back to his bunker, but Zam says it's a bad idea, Spoke argues that Mapicc wouldn't be happy that all of his items were left there. Spoke then goes to their bunker and is greeted to an invisible player, who he assumes is Mapicc because they had the same brick pattern shield as him. The player drinks milk and turns out to be Leo. He says how Mapicc put up a good fight, but couldn't take on Leo and his spies, and took his shield as a token to show he killed Mapicc. Spoke is in denial, and Leo says he can believe that, but the truth is different, Leo then activates a void trap right below Spoke, in which he manages to save himself from, and Leo stasises away as multiple invisible spies appear behind paintings to try and knock Spoke down. Spoke uses chorus fruit to escape and then goes through the Nether, planning on blowing up Capital City to get proof Mapicc is alive. He returns to Zam's base and asks for a favor to send a message to LettuceK about his plans to destroy Capital City. 

When the time comes, Spoke walks up to the front gates of Capital City, 
Deputy_Ace
, a few lawmen and guards of Capital City await him, Deputy_Ace asks if Spoke thinks he can get away with blowing up Capital City, Spoke ignites a TNT and fishing rods them towards the guards, killing three in the process. Spoke blows up more guards and fights them off, Deputy_Ace and two guards flee, as they are unable to take on the fight. Spoke plants TNT around the entire city and builds a TNT cannon, waiting for somebody to tell him anything. He hears redstone being broken behind him and slowly looks back and sees 
Parrot
. Spoke sounds broken and asks if breaking the cannon will fix anything, Parrot tells Spoke he's about to destroy homes of hundreds and doesn't know what happened to him to cause him to be this way. Spoke says he didn't want to do this, and what he's doing isn't anything compared to what he's been put through by BAT and the Law, lamenting to Parrot that he doesn't have a home or a friend anymore, he says how Parrot wouldn't understand, but if he lost his closest friends, maybe he'd understand how he felt. Parrot informs Spoke that he's been through just as much as he has, and Spoke isn't the only one who's lost 
somebody
 
important
 to them. Spoke explains his situation to Parrot and mentions the shield pattern, Parrot knows about the shield pattern and says that Jumper had the exact same shield pattern. If what Parrot is saying is true, then that means the shield was a decoy and Mapicc could still be alive. Before heading off, Spoke tells Parrot to be the best king Unstable has ever seen and that the server needs him.

Spoke waits in front of the stash where Mapicc was last seen, meeting back up with Zam. They search for clues of where he could've went, Spoke reveals that neither The Law or BAT knows where Mapicc went and shows Zam that he discovered another floor of the stash where the spies were communicating with each other. The signs reveal that the spies planned on killing Mapicc, but Leo wanted to kill Mapicc himself. Another player came and helped Mapicc fight them off using weapons that haven't been seen before, somebody who knew Spoke but the spies didn't. The last signs say that they went a certain direction, and so Spoke and Zam begin to follow a trail that was left by Mapicc. They follow the ice blocks and lily pads placed by Mapicc, going from biome to biome, when they get to a snowy biome, they see light emitting from underneath the snow and look inside, which they find an ender pearl cannon. Spoke and Zam use it and spot a lighthouse in the distance, finding nothing there, so they keep moving. They spot a house in the distance with rings of flowers surrounding the entire house, confident that it's Mapicc and the mystery person, they head towards the house. As they wind charge up the flower field, Spoke spots the Far Lands in the distance, which reminds him of the only person he knows that resides there. Spoke finds Mapicc and 
JamatoP
, Spoke's first friend and one of the few players on the server that knew exploits about the game. Spoke doesn't sound grateful that Mapicc is alive, but rather feels betrayed that Jamato returned only now to save Mapicc. Mapicc explains how they escaped and that BAT isn't a problem anymore, but Spoke says that's not winning and that they're running. Jamato says that he's always wanted to explore and learn, never with the rest of the server, he says that his plan was to go all the way out with Spoke, but with the way things ended between them, he wasn't able to do so. All of them say they want to go and explore the world rather than fighting, Jamato offers Spoke the opportunity to as well, he doesn't respond and wanders off far enough where they don't see him set an ender pearl stasis. He returns and agrees to explore the world with them, he asks if they're all good and looks at Jamato, who's still unsure about how to feel about Spoke, but is still glad to have him there. 

While Zam and Mapicc are packing, Jamato says he has some loose ends to tie up and walks away, Spoke pearls away and goes invis to follow him to the lighthouse, Jamato knows Spoke is there and tells him to reveal himself.  Jamato and Spoke debate for a while where Jamato says how Spoke is just using his own friends for his own good. Spoke angrily replies that Jamato who claimed to have had decided to protect the server was nowhere to be found during the reign of 
The Invisible Mafia
. To which Jamato replies that the real threat to the server isn't The Mafia, it's Spoke. The server won't end with Leo or with The Law, and that Spoke is never satisfied. Spoke threatens to kill Jamato, and so he takes off all his armor and throws his totem off the lighthouse and tells Spoke to kill him. Spoke doesn't instantly try to kill him, and Jamato says, "That's what I thought," just as Spoke pots up and attacks. Jamato holds another totem out, which teleports him to a stasis set somewhere. 

Spoke goes invisible and goes back to the house pretending to be Leow0ok and using TNT minecarts to attack Mapicc and Zam. Getting close to death, Spoke pulls his stasis and blows up the netherite armor and puts on his normal armor and visible, he goes back to the house and pretends to not know what just happened. Spoke makes them believe that Leo followed them to the pearl cannon and they try to find Jamato. Spoke suggests going to the lighthouse and find a trail of explosions leading to the lighthouse. At the lighthouse, it's shown to be blown up and destroyed, Spoke makes Mapicc and Zam check the top so they don't hear him throw an experience bottle where Jamato threw his totem off, he then pretends to find Jamato's totem and experience, proving that Leo got to him and killed Jamato. They make a grave for JamatoP back at his house, Spoke instructs the two to go back to the lighthouse and give him some alone time to grieve. Once alone, he laughs maniacally; he knows Jamato is smart enough not to mess with him and that he almost had Mapicc and Zam convinced to turn their backs on him. Spoke says how in a different universe they could've been the best of friends and what it could've been. While that was all happening, Jamato is shown standing on the top of the Far Lands looking down at his house.

Trivia

This is Spoke's first time being inside of 
Capital City 2.0
, as well as being the last protagonist to come to Capital City.

This also marks Spoke's first time being near the Far Lands, same with being the last protagonist to near in the Far Lands. His first entrance to 
Far Lands
 was several episodes later, in 
Searching For 1000 Players Who Went Missing
.

Despite villagers being extremely rare, some villagers can be seen in the villages.

The hardcore hearts texture were edited in during the Capital City scene when Spoke opens up his inventory.

However, the overlay is not shown when Spoke opens his inventory during his fight with Mapicc and Zam and actually use the hardcore hearts texture.

When 
JamatoP
 and Spoke talked at the lighthouse, the sky was dark with lightning. Same lightning was seen when 
Null Hunters
 hunt Spoke later on.

When Spoke found the trail of explosions, he moved his cursor onto a red shulker full of TNT, indicating that he had deliberately created these explosions before he went invis and jumped Mapicc and Zam in order to convince them that Leow0ok had chased down and killed Jamato, and that he was just acting to be surprised. This makes sense because if Spoke had not picked up the totem dropped by Jamato down the lighthouse, made an explosion pit and dropped it to the pit, it would have either despawned or destroyed by the explosion if Jamato was the one who created the explosions and blew the lighthouse up.