Behind the castle at the wheat village there is a path. It's not made of gravel or anything, it's just the absence of trees. If you follow it there for long enough, you'll find a blue cornflower which you'll need to break. That's all.
— 
LordSirWessley
's instructions on how to find this place

The 
Mysterious Tomb
 is a major location in 
I Joined the World's Largest Minecraft Server (Wemmbu)
. It is where 
Wemmbu
 fought an invisible player for 
FieldsOfElysium's mace
. 

Description

The mysterious tomb's entrance is a drop-down into a pool of water which leads to a large cave with a large ravine-like skylight opening. Glowing amethyst crystals, fences, lamps, and large leafless trees can be seen scattered throughout the cave. Near the entrance, a wooden bridge sits atop a pool of water, walking over the bridge will trigger an arrow trap and spawn several wardens. 

There is a large sword with a cyan guard and yellow hilt near the back of the cave and in front of a waterfall. A broken bridge leads up to this spot. 

Lore

An unnamed hero who guarded the 
Wheat Kingdom
 placed their mace here for rest before quitting the server. According to 
FieldsOfElysium
, this player was a strong fighter and the Kingdom is endangered without them.

The only person the hero told of their mace's whereabouts is 
LordSirWessley
, whom Wemmbu sought out at the request of FieldsOfElysium. After a challenge, Wessley tells Wemmbu some vague instructions on how to find the tomb. Noticing Wemmbu's confusion, he explains that it is word-for-word what the hero had said to him. 

Wemmbu and 
Eggchan
 follow Wessley's instructions and find the tomb. Wemmbu breaks the blue cornflower and the door is revealed. Wemmbu accidentally breaks the door mechanism. They drop into the hole and Wemmbu loses a totem of undying while crossing the bridge and is forced to fight two wardens after. After defeating the wardens, Wemmbu and Eggchan make their way to the top of the cave where a large sword. The mace is in an item frame on the sword. 

Before Wemmbu can get to it, an invisible player snatches it. The two fight and Wemmbu launches several stab shots that ripped holes into the tomb's ceiling and floors. The invisible player yields and gives Wemmbu the mace, citing that they didn't need it. 

Gallery

References

↑
 
I Joined the World's Largest Minecraft Server (Wemmbu)
 (18:02)

Navigation