The 
Northern Council
 is one of the largest builds constructed by 
the Law
, where 
LettuceK
 hosted speeches and conducted the election. It also serves as the de-facto capital of 
Unstable SMP
, where the King of the Unstable SMP lives and governs the server. 

Currently it is the headquarters of 
Parrot's Kingdom
, their king currently being 
Parrot
.

History

This place was built and used by 
LettuceK
 and 
the Law
. The Northern Council was also where the largest battle in the history of the server happened when 
District 13
 fought 2500 Law-men and members of 
BAT
. This battle would change The Unstable SMP forever. After being destroyed in the battle it was rebuilt and continues to be the place where the king of the Unstable SMP governs the server (The King being 
Parrot
).

Speeches at the Northern Council

The Debates

The Debates in the Northern council were a series of speeches that were supposed to decide how the election really went. These speeches were conducted by LettuceK. It is notable that 
Spepticle
 was killed in one of these speeches. During these debates almost every single player in the mainland of the server attended them. Players were not allowed to wear armour and the whole place was guarded by a garrison of Law troops. 

The Law Speeches

The Northern Council also had speeches to Law men. The only time we really see this is when LettuceK gave The Law the order to hunt down Parrot and Wemmbu. It seems like LettuceK gave orders from The Northern Council. During the final battle of The Northern Council LettuceK had prepared for the battle before hand to give District 13 the false illusion of victory. It is possible that this was practiced at The Northern Council as it all Law troops knew where to go.

The Battle Of The Northern Council

Beginning

Parrot and the rest of 
District 13
 marched on the Northern Council. Parrot talks to Lettucek that he should have "
kept it between the two of them
" and they both walk back to their respective sides. Parrot, the leader of the group, tells Wemmbu to fire his orbital strike cannon, which slaughtered most of the diamond lawmen.

Navigation