How do you think I could be like 
him
?
— Nufuli to 
ParrotX2
 to in 
I Got Hunted by a Minecraft Hacker

Nufuli
 was a supporting character in 
Unstable Universe
,
 and the deuteragonist in 
I Got Hunted by a Minecraft Hacker
.

Personality

Nufuli is a kind, reliable and genuinely caring character that looks up to his leader Leo, and known to be a useful ally that saves his teammates from death.

History

Nufuli was introduced as one who served as the leader of a cohort in the 
Bounty Assassin Team
 (BAT), led by 
Leow0ok
, and also served as his right-hand man. He was responsible for battle and base-related tasks such as organizing strike teams and showing players around 
BAT Headquarters
. He explained to 
Parrot
 that members have their own mini-teams, and guides him to his room and explaining important functions there. Parrot secretly asks him the room number of the head builder.

He was seen in the meeting room while BAT discusses about 
MrCube6
.

He and his team arrive at the BAT HQ only to find it griefed. TruOriginal hunts BAT down and forcing Leo to stay behind to let the rest of the team escape. Most of the BAT relocates to an emergency location and builds a base underground while covering it with a pool of lava, and to their surprise Leo returns. Him and his team except for Derapchu make their way to Redstone Town to get materials for a mirror receiver, but doesn't have enough diamonds until Leo arrives and acquires them. They get hunted down by TruOriginal on their way back. 

Him and Parrot took shifts to watch the base overnight while Leo and Derapchu were sleeping. He goes to surface and monologues to himself, acting like Leo until Parrot shows up and questions him because its 5 AM. He points at the night sky, complementing the stars and even receiving a prized spyglass from Parrot to look at the two touching stars.

The well-rested team built a mirror receiver using the acquired materials. Nufuli was the one to activate it, and chose the touching stars as the looking direction. After leading TruOriginal into a trap, he activated a stab shot, but TruOriginal swapped places with Parrot. The team fakes another orbital strike and TruOriginal eventually leaves. 

During another night shift, Nufuli and Parrot goes to surface. Parrot points at the touching stars and gives his spyglass, but Nufuli didn't look at them as the last time he did, the plan was ruined. They get ambushed by TruOriginal and saves Parrot from falling into death at some point by taming a horse and flying under Parrot. Nufuli asks Parrot how to be like Leo, as he admires him for being a great leader. Parrot explains that Leo makes decisions for himself, and calls to Nufuli that he had been wanting to become like Leo so much that he forgot about himself.

They rig BAT HQ with TNT few hours before TruOriginal arrived. As TruOriginal arrived, Parrot and him begin to tower up and built an obsidian platform. He set off the TNT trap they rigged earlier, and finds the hacker alive. He eventually activates the orbital strike cannon at maximum yield, destroying BAT HQ in the process. 

After rescuing Leo and Derapchu, he announces that he would be leaving the team. He claims he can't be himself and it's true that him and Leo are close, and he's tired of trying to be like Leo. Leo is proud of Nufuli and enjoys him being in Leo's side. Nufuli thanks Leo and BAT for everything and clears his inventory. As he was about to leave, he is shot by 
The Director
's arrow cannon.

Nufuli's grave was shown outside the destroyed BAT HQ and his helmet was preserved in Leo's obsidian base.

Quotes

"
Do you see those pair of stars in the sky? Those are the only two that are together."
"

— 
Nufuli
 to 
Parrot
, 
I Got Hunted by a Minecraft Hacker

Trivia

He is one of the 5 protagonists of the WISP SMP.

Gallery

Thumbnails

Navigation