FlameFrags in front of his Orbital Dog Cannon
 
 

The 
Orbital Dog Cannon
 is a machine constructed by 
FlameFrags
 back in 
Lifesteal S6
 (
1000 Armored Wolves VS Lifesteal SMP
, still manually trigger at that time), allowing him to teleport an army of thousands of armored wolves at him with a fishing rod similar to 
Wemmbu
's 
Orbital Strike Cannon
. The machine splash sitting wolves with speed, strength and fire resistance potions, before making them take fall damage, stand up and teleport to their owner, 
FlameFrags
, due to Minecraft mechanics.

It is superior to 
Orbital Strike Cannon
 in that

Being based on teleportation mechanics, it is not limited by spatial hinderance (though still need to be in same dimension) like obsidian roof.

Dogs can tank lethal damage from nuke or other sources with their armors.

Swarms of dogs are hard to shield and relentlessly deal damage, as opposed to instant damage by 
Orbital Strike Cannon
 that is easily shielded.

It never damages its owner.

(If not on Unstable Universe) it triggers instantly without loading and does not need preset coordinates, while 
Orbital Strike Cannon
 needs loading and needs preset coordinates.

It is actually possible (and viable) in vanilla, being used in the Lifesteal SMP.

However, it also has severe limitations:

It require large amount of resources like meat and scute, which is hard to find on the Unstable SMP given mob cap, thus limiting the number of such cannons and their reload frequency.

It cannot be used to destroy structure.

The dogs can be countered by lava / fire, more than one orbital strike cannons or more than one explosives.

They can also be countered by 
building up a few blocks
 or webbing up

They are also countered by weapons with high AOE damage (e.g. end crystals, respawn anchors, TNT)

The Orbital Dog Cannon was used in several battles by 
FlameFrags
 against players that annoy him, 
Wemmbu
 and the army of 1000 people by the Law and 
Mist Civilisation
 members.

Ironically, 
TheG0DofWar
 manage to create a Orbital Dog Cannon and use it against 
FlameFrags
.

Navigation