"
Till we meet again, friend.
"
This article contains major spoilers from recently released episodes. Please proceed with caution.

Overview
History
Relationships
Videos
Gear

Relationships

Deputy_Ace

Deputy_Ace
 was an ally of Parrot for a very brief period. During the finale of the 
Kings Arc
, 
LettuceK
 ordered the execution of 
ParrotX2
 and 
TheobaldTheBird
, but ultimately killed the guards instead, saving Theo and Parrot. He delivered his final line—"I'd rather die standing than live kneeling"—before being killed by 
SargeLAW
, presumably because LettuceK did not want to kill his best friend. Parrot and Theo made a grave for him. 

Wifies

Wifies
 was formerly Parrot's best friend. They helped each other with a plethora of tasks, such as breaking people out of prison and creating the 
End Civilization
 together, and more. When Wifies faked his death and went on to becomes the Director, he began doing many immoral things that, when he eventually revealed his identity, Parrot couldn't truly forgive him for. Wifies still considered Parrot his best friend regardless and trapped Parrot in a miniature world called 
Paragon
 where they could build and have fun together. 

Despite this vendetta that led Parrot to attack Wifies several times whilst at Paragon, Parrot still cared about Wifies; going back for their spyglass after he dropped it off a building and being saddened upon Wifies death. Eventually, Wifies put them both in a situation that if either stepped off a pressure plate they would both die. Parrot sacrificed the spyglass to leave which is when Wifies finally came back to his senses, dying when he attempted to retrieve the spyglass. 

DeanTheBean9

DeanTheBean was one of Parrot's best friends. They got to know each other during 
I Built Minecraft's Safest Civilization
 when Wifies and Parrot uncovered his identity by removing his invisibility with a trap. After some talking Parrot decided to allow Dean to join the civilization. After finding out about Dean's condition where if his invisibility ran out, he would get sent into the void, Parrot saves his life by telling him to set another stasis and the moment his stasis gets pulled they pull his second stasis.  

Dean would go on to explore the server with Parrot and Wifies until their relationship drastically changed when it was revealed that he was helping the 
Mafia
 find his location when they were looking for the Far Lands Civilization. Parrot and Dean's relationship was slowly built back up; however, he unfortunately died when he rejoined The Mafia and his invisibility was removed upon Parrot unknowingly popping his totem.  

Dean's death had one of the largest effects on Parrot which led him to believe some players are just inherently evil. An example of this is when he tried to kill Ashswagg even though if he died every single player in the Mafia would die. He was only stopped when he learned some of his own friends were in the Mafia but still reacted to their choice with disgust despite his friends not really having much of one.   

LuigiToan

Luigi and Parrot were both miners in Capital City. They became friends when Luigi offered to help show Parrot around the mining rig and give some of the materials he got to Parrot as well. Parrot, Wifies and Dean would later make a deal with Luigi that he would cover the diamonds for them when they sneaked out to steal riches from Reddoons. After some time, Luigi would give Parrot an emerald so he could remember him. Reddoons eventually caught on to what they were doing and killed Luigi in a rigged casino game.

Wemmbu

Wemmbu and Parrot met each other when Wemmbu decided to show Parrot an orbital strike crater he did not make. They continued to be on okay terms; occasionally rivaling each other, but never truly hating each other. Parrot eventually convinced Wemmbu to join 
District 13
 and Wemmbu served as a distraction. 

The pair stayed on okay terms but didn't really talk until Wemmbu faked his death and Parrot was hired by Flame to find Wemmbu. Parrot impersonated him and eventually revealed his identity. The pair stayed on bad terms for quite a while, which is something Parrot eventually forgot they were one. Parrot deiced to search for Wemmbu to expose 
LettuceK's
 lies and narrowly avoided Wemmbu killing him. 
Eggchan
 and Parrot eventually convince Wemmbu to forgive Parrot and they expose Lettuce before going their separate ways. Wemmbu and Parrot join with Spoke, Flame, and some other friends to defeat Lettuce. Wemmbu agrees with Parrot to spare Lettuce's life and they part on good terms. 

Wemmbu and Eggchan came to Parrot after an 
assassin
 was hunting down Eggchan. He mentioned that Parrot had experience on uncovering anonymous players and asked for his help. Parrot, pressured with the king work, is unable to offer them assistance. Parrot rescued Wemmbu from a flying machine trap and offers him a position in his guard force, but Wemmbu politely declines and decides to kill the assassin himself.

They meet again during the battle in 
Highwater City
, where he participated against Parrot's army. He maces Parrot, pops him, but spares and indirectly helped him escape. A little while later, Wemmbu nukes 
Capitol City
, kills hundreds of defensless players, and begins to truly attack everyone, including Parrot. It is unknown how Parrot feels about Wemmbu, but their relationship is likely worse even then how it was after Highwater. 

FlameFrags

Flame and Parrot rarely interact, but because of their constant opposing teams they likely don't think too highly of each other.  

Season 2

Flame robs Parrot's potion shop a couple times. 

Eventually, the pair agree to help each other get information out of 
ClownPeirce
, but Parrot decides to simply use Flame. Upon unknowingly revealing this and his opinion that Flame is simply a bad person, Flame betrays Parrot and Theo to Clown but ends up saving them from the situation after an apology. Flame hires Parrot to find Wemmbu and pays him with coordinates to a secret Mafia tomb/stash. 

They, along with Wemmbu, Spoke, and some friends take down LettuceK. Flame is for killing Lettuce, but he is outvoted. 

Flame joins 
Cindercrest
, a team who opposes Parrot's rule, because of 
Lomedy
. Parrot and Flame's relationship becomes more awkward than bad and Flame and Lomedy are eventually convinced to switch sides and help Parrot. Flame seems indifferent to Parrot's exile. 

SpokeIsHere

Spoke and Parrot are currently close friends, but that wasn't always the case. At first their relationship was very bad because Spoke put Parrot and Wifies in a scavenger hunt and eventually chunk banned Wifies as a form of revenge towards Parrot for attempting to stop the destruction of 
The Wonders
.  

Parrot and Spoke became friends during the 
The Invisible Mafia Arc
 when they put their beef aside and teamed up to destroy The Mafia. When Spoke was about to destroy 
Capitol City
 because he believed his friend, 
Mapicc
 had died, Parrot convinced his to not make others' lives miserable and to simply keep looking for Mapicc. 

Spoke and Parrot led District 13 together and they manage to defeat the Law. Spoke was for killing Lettuce. 

Later, Spoke got an audience with Parrot and asked for his assistance with fending off 
Null
, who had been pursuing him relentlessly. Parrot was unable to offer him much help due to the pressure of being king. As a result, he could only provide resources and some guards.  

TheobaldTheBird

Parrot and Theo met in 
Unstable SMP: The First War
 in the 
Far Lands civilization
. They were both part of the 
Warriors District
 and they worked together. Theo helped Parrot become the leader of the Warriors District and ended the dispute between the Warriors District and the Farming District. After The Mafia destroys the Far Lands civilization, Parrot creates District 13, however, Theo leaves due to the fact that they made minimal progress against The Mafia. 

They reunited when Theo saved him from two withers at spawn. Parrot thanked him for saving his life, so they teamed up together because Parrot knew that Theo would protect him at all costs. After him getting saved, he and Theo went to the nearest city, 
Capitol City
, and created a potion shop there where both could get stacked. They also went on Treasure quests in the Great Sea and 
Verdaria
. They currently remain as best friends since their reunion and Theo served as Parrot's bodyguard when he was king. 

Ashswagg

Ashswagg
 was the leader of the 
The Invisible Mafia Arc
 where he dragged people into becoming invisible knights who worked for him, and him only. Whoever didn't agree to work for him was killed, whoever got their identity revealed got thrown into the void. Parrot however, didn't agree with this high-stakes game and decided that he wanted to put an end to all of it. 
Ashswagg
 was also the person who had dragged many of Parrotx2's friends away from him, causing the death of 
Deanthebean9
, one of Parrotx2's close friends. The Invisible Mafia, led by 
Ashswagg
 on Unstable SMP were eventually defeated when a resistance alliance destroyed their ender pearls, with many members disbanded or killed following the destruction of their leader’s power base.

Leow0ok

Parrot and 
Leow0ok
 have a primarily antagonistic, high-stakes relationship, frequently interacting as enemies or rivals. Leow0ok tried to kill Parrot while they were part of different, often conflicting groups. 

During the Director Arc, though, they worked as allies in 
Bounty Assassin Team
 to find the true identity of The Director which turned out to be 
Wifies
. Leow0ok sometimes disliked Parrot because of how he often did not accept his teammate's opinions or his mistakes, going as far as trying to kill him for the exact reason. Their relations were later salvaged when Parrot came to Leo and asked for his help, successfully rescuing 
Derapchu
 and 
JumperWho
 from a void trap.

After the events of Paragon, Parrot left BAT and continued his own journey, parting way on good terms. When Leo found out that Parrot started a business of smuggling players from spawn, Leo sent him a mail and returned Sky, the same happy ghast they used to rescue their friends from a void trap. 

PrinceZam

Parrot's first encounter with PrinceZam was during the scavenger hunt Spoke had sent him out to finish with Wifies. They then worked together to chunkban Spoke, but Wifies was also trapped. Parrot tried convincing him to disable the chunk ban for 60 seconds, but he failed, causing him to break open every chunkban to get enough help to free Wifies.  

On the Unstable SMP, 
PrinceZam
 and Parrot generally hold a contentious, adversarial relationship characterized by power struggles, prison breaks, and mutual sabotage. Their conflict often involves Parrot breaking into PrinceZam’s secure prisons and sabotaging his projects (like stealing from his "
Kings/Election Arc
" initiatives), while Zam hires others to eliminate Parrot. 

LettuceK

Parrot and LettuceK were rivals during 
The Kings Arc
. Both of them shares the same goal of maintaining server peace, but LettuceK favors strict, organized control, while Parrot represents a "Big Good" figure focused on empowering others. Their difference in methods creates tension between both characters.

During 
The Kings Arc
, Lettuce tried everything to gain more leverage than Parrot; such as bringing a death of a Law guard into the light and using it to blackmail Parrot. Parrot was forced to go to prison by 
LettuceK
 for not officially endorsing him and revealing the truth about Lettuce. However, he gathered a rebellion called District 13, ultimately managing to beat Lettuce in the final showdown. His realization at the vault of The Mafia was one of the things that led him to believe that no player is inherently evil. For this reason, he spared Lettuce.  

Navigation