The 
Pirates
 is a faction of bandits that formerly robbed civilizations and players. The team was led by 
Jaden_MAN
. After 
Wemmbu
 and Jaden took over 
Ranger Point
, Jaden developed Pirates into his 
Pirate Civilization
.

History

TheobaldTheBird
 is seen with a pirates shield. 

Wemmbu and Eggchan tried to make a civilization. They got invaded by The Pirates. Wemmbu kills the majority of its members. Wemmbu follows Spongs and after he returns to his civilization, it was blown up and Eggchan is held hostage. Wemmbu cleared his inventory (and Echest) as ordered by Jaden but he kept 
one of his maces
 in his Echest. 

Wemmbu and Eggchan were captured and taken to the Pirate Islands. They were chased by members of the Pirates. Theo secretly helped Wemmbu with invisibility potions, and a trident. Jaden fled into a hole which leads to an abandoned civilization. 

Jaden was imprisoned by Wemmbu in 
an abandoned civilization
 and forced to return 
Wemmbu's other mace
.

Jaden used his Pirates to fight 
Flame
.

Jaden created a large castle. The castle was destroyed by Wemmbu. 

Wemmbu, as Invisible Knight, helped Jaden conquer 
Ranger Point
 which led to the rebirth of the Pirates as an important faction, Pirate Civilization, but leaves when his invisibility runs out.

However, during 
Wemmbu
's video, 
Unstable SMP: The Battle for The Great Sea
, the Pirates were completely wiped out in a battle with 
the Law
 with almost all members killed. The rest of the population of The Great Sea like DaFraDo
 were probably flagged as Pirates by the Law and are ruthlessly killed. 
LettuceK
 showed this when he killed innocent players at Frog Island. Other outposts occupied by Jaden's Pirates or other pirate factions were likely to have the same fate. However, even though all the Pirates were dead and Jaden was captured, Wemmbu finished the mission to destroy the 
Orbital Strike Cannon
 that LettuceK and the Law had built. The Pirates were then Inactive without any members surviving from the Battle and Jaden being captured.

Jaden is present in the LettuceK capture and voted yes for execution.

Navigation

References

↑
 
DaFraDo is a player who tried to rob Wemmbu during the events of 
I Joined a PIRATE CIVILIZATION in Minecraft
. He was seen as a Pirate in a different faction (not Jaden's Pirate Civilization)