The Pirate Arc
 is the third arc in 
Unstable Universe
.

Story

Wemmbu
 and 
Eggchan
 build a house, but are attacked by 
TheobaldTheBird
, who wants to fight them. They attempt to trap him using creakings, but when that fails, Wemmbu recruits 
Kenadian
 to help him build a base Theo can't break into, and while they complete the base, Theo still gets inside. He holds Kenadian hostage, prompting Wemmbu to finally fight him. Theo loses, but is able to escape due to Wemmbu running out of rockets.

Wemmbu and Egg gather EXP bottles and start their own empire, recruiting many people, including 
Wato1876
. After Wato and a player named 
Spongs
 are both mugged by 
players with pirate shields
, Wemmbu locates their base and kills almost everyone there. During his absence, Egg has taken over the empire and expanded it, recruiting Spongs and 
Arcn
. Wemmbu follows Spongs to the pirate HQ, but finds the place empty. He returns to the empire, where 
Jaden MAN
, the leader of the pirates, holds Egg hostage and forces him to give up all his gear, though he manages to keep his mace.

Wemmbu and Egg are exiled to a set of islands. They kill some people for gear before coming into conflict with some of the pirates, which they barely escape. Wemmbu retrieves his mace and they go to Jaden's castle. Wemmbu nearly dies before the castle somehow blows up, allowing him and Egg to escape. They are met by Theo, who reveals he's been secretly helping them all along, and they go to fight Jaden together, forcing him to escape down a mysterious tunnel. Wemmbu and Egg follow him.

Wemmbu and Egg find themselves in an abandoned civilization, trapped with Jaden due to mining fatigue. They manage to get some gear, also meeting 
Rejoicin
 and 
Loppezz
, the latter of which is a former pirate that they team up with. Wemmbu ends up on his own and fights Jaden with Rejoicin, but Jaden eventually escapes. Rejoicin gears them all up, and then they head to fight Jaden again. Rejoicin dies to wardens, and Jaden gets away, but Wemmbu finds a secret room with an elytra. He uses it to finally defeat Jaden, forcing him to drop all of his items, but letting him live since he can't escape. The three leave.

Major Characters

Wemmbu
 (protagonist)

Eggchan

Jaden_MAN
 (main antagonist)

TheobaldTheBird

Loppezz

Rejoicin

LettuceK

Arcn