"
I don't think we had any improvements in our quality of life.
" — 
This article is missing an image. Please help the 
Unstable Universe
 Wiki by 
uploading
 and 
adding
 one.

The 
Power Arc
, also known as the 
Far Lands Arc
 is a character arc from 
Wemmbu
's perspective in 
Unstable Universe
. It is concurrent with 
The Director Arc
.

Story

Wemmbu
 and 
Eggchan
 get some gear by killing people, then plan to steal cows from another group to make an enchanting table. It all goes wrong, and Wemmbu is forced to kill them all. Now with proper gear, he heads to 
FlameFrags'
 house for a rematch, and they fight to a standstill. Flame shows Wemmbu around and then he leaves.

Wemmbu is raiding 
BAT Headquarters
 when he gets jumped by a couple players and their invisible assassin. He escapes and follows one player back to their base, and though the player doesn't know the assassin's identity, he gives the coords to his friends' bases. He gets ambushed at one such base, but kills his attackers, one of whom drops a compass that leads to 
Mafia City
, where 
WyLL
 is revealed as the invis hunter. Wyll says if Wemmbu kills the last person he’ll stop attacking him, so Wemmbu does so, but Wyll betrays him and traps him into the void. Wemmbu flies to a void hole at BAT HQ and escapes. He returns to the castle, where he kills most of Wyll’s team and nearly kills Wyll himself before he stasises out.

Wemmbu is recruited by 
Loppezz
 to kill 
Fantst
, who took over 
Ice Mountain Civilization
. Wemmbu goes in and kills some people, but Loppezz makes him stop when Fantst reveals the mountain is rigged to blow. They stealth around a bit before being caught and kicked out again. Wemmbu goes in and kills everyone except for Fantst, but the mountain gets entirely blown up. Somewhat guilty, he gives Loppezz some of his netherite before leaving.

Wemmbu meets 
Baablu
, who tells him about an End guardian stopping him from respawning the Ender dragon for lingering potions. Wemmbu agrees to help him, and fights the guardian, 
MinuteTech
, allowing the dragon to be spawned. Baablu’s team arrives, including 
Fantst
, and start trying to kill Wemmbu, prompting him to flee with Minute. Minute reveals to Wemmbu that Baablu's team wanted to respawn the dragon to dupe it and cause chaos. Wemmbu comes over to Minute's side. They manage to find an End city despite being chased, and gear back up with an ender chest. They return to the main island and kill some people, forcing the rest to flee. Minute and Wemmbu part ways.

Wemmbu enters a PVP tournament hosted by 
AJTHEBOLD
, hoping for a rematch with Flame. He easily beats his first opponent, but next up is 
WyLL
, who has slow fall arrows and restocks. Wemmbu still wins, though. After the match, Wyll gives him advice to beat 
Conexion
, whom he hates even more than Wemmbu himself. Wemmbu utilizes the advice to win the battle, and the final match is against him and Flame. Despite a long, close fight, Flame ultimately wins.

Sharpness (Conexion) steals Wemmbu’s mace by placing pots on the ground. Wemmbu accidentally places his mace in a pot, allowing Sharpness to steal it. Wemmbu and Egg head to the 
Far Lands
 to catch him, and find him at the old 
Far Lands Civilisation
. The battle turns into a siege, but Sharpness eventually escapes. Wemmbu and Egg deal with strange glitches before finding a copy of the 
Zam Empire
, complete with echoes of its members. Sharpness attacks, and after a long fight Wemmbu puts his mace in his ender chest. Sharpness gives him thirty minutes to gear up for a final duel, which Wemmbu puts to good use. During the battle, Wemmbu is severely outgeared, but finally manages to knock Sharpness into the void. He’s forced to save him to avoid his mace getting destroyed, though, and Sharpness stashes it in his ender chest before leaving.

Wemmbu gets attacked by 
The Avengers
, comprised of his old enemies. He manages to escape, and he and Egg find a strange build. Inside they meet 
Lakerek
, who fights Wemmbu using strange items from 'The Forge', and upon being defeated allows Wemmbu to kill him and acquire large amounts of gear, Some of the Avengers jump them, but Wemmbu forces all but one to flee, and he arranges a fight at a spikes biome in the Farlands. The Avengers show up there, but during the fight 
FlameFrags
 betrays. The two eventually scare off the Avengers, and Flame returns Wemmbu’s mace, which he got from Sharpness.

Wemmbu and Egg continue on, since Wemmbu wants to find the Forge. They find a trial chamber and fight Firestar2008, but he stasis-es away. Wemmbu destroys all the ominous vaults, and then they continue on. They find repeating dungeons containing god apples, obtaining close to a stack total, then continue on, dealing with bizarre world generation. Eventually they find another echo of Lakarek alongside others in an ocean monument, as well as five stasis chambers. Going further on, they are attacked by Nitenly, who was also in the echo. Wemmbu defeats him, and they bridge out over the void before finally locating a city in the Far Lands, which they believe to be 
The Forge
.

At the city, they meet a number of Lakarek’s friends, who tell them this is not the Forge, but let them wander freely anyway. Nitenly is still openly antagonistic, though. Wemmbu and Egg gather gear and destroy a stash of maces. Egg finds a compass that leads back out to the Farlands, where they find an array of orbital strike cannons, used by Lakarek. Lakarek’s friends show up there, and reveal this isn’t the Forge, which is actually back at base. At base, Wemmbu and Egg are presented with an End portal, and Egg jumps in front of Wemmbu to be knocked in by an arrow. Wemmbu 4v1s everyone, killing one and forcing two others to retreat. The last he forces to help him load every single orbital cannon there.

Wemmbu visits 
Capital City 2.0
 to try and find Flame, using his cannons as leverage, and 
SirPig
 tells him 
The Law
 has been hunting Flame. Wemmbu goes and fights the Law, learns Flame is after 
Jaden MAN
, then blows up their base. Jaden fights him using a mace, but Wemmbu scares him off and then blows up his entire castle. With no leads, he visits Flame's base and gets attacked by a random player, who drops a compass supposedly leading to Flame. Flame shows up, and they fight, Wemmbu struggling despite using his cannons and mace both. Eventually, however, he makes Flame run, and declares himself the strongest player of Unstable.

Trivia

This is the longest arc from one protagonist's perspective.

The second half of this arc is frequently referred to as the Far Lands Arc.