Hidden millions of blocks out on the World's Largest Minecraft server lies a prison named Purgatory. It was built to contain the server's most dangerous criminals and over 1000 players have been trapped behind its walls. Every player is only given one life, making a place like this impossible to escape. But I was about to leave everything behind, and become a prisoner of Purgatory.
— 
SpokeIsHere
's opening monologue in 
1000 Players Simulate PRISON in Hardcore Minecraft
.

Purgatory
 was a massive blacksite owned by 
Jamato's
 
NULL Hunters
. It is located millions of blocks out in the nether, and somewhere in the overworld's 
Far Lands
. It was built on the 
Unstable SMP
 and designed to imprison all the players that the Null captured. Thousands of players were imprisoned here, including 
Spoke
, 
Mapicc
, and 
JumperWho
; making it the largest prison by the number of prisoners.

It utilizes weird glitches and mechanics, such as having water on its arrow cannons, which should not be possible as Purgatory is in the nether. 

During the final showdown between Jamato and Spoke, it was destroyed by Orbital Wither Cannons. Most prisoners were killed in the process, but the surviving ones were freed after Spoke took over NULL's leadership, marking the end of the 
Purgatory Arc
.

Contents

1
 
History

2
 
Design

3
 
Purgatory

4
 
Thumbnails

History

Purgatory is created to hold NULL's prisoners.  

NULL captures 
Mapicc
 and takes him to Purgatory, but he escapes on the way.  

Spoke
 and 
Jumper
 soon arrive in the 
Far Lands
 to find the "missing" players and destroy NULL, but are eventually captured and taken to Purgatory.  

Spoke attempts an escape with 
DevMCchamp
 and the other rebel members only to get stopped by the guards and taken back in. Everyone in the escape attempt except Spoke is killed. Spoke gears up in the black market and attempts another escape attempt with 
Jumper
 and 
found2
 only to get caught in the Black Market. They build a nether portal to escape but are soon stopped by the NULL in the overworld. Spoke is taken to solitary confinement, while Found is taken to an even smaller cell, and Jumper and Mapicc are sentenced to be executed. Spoke manages to smuggle in a fire resistance potion and and a book given to him by Found. He escapes solitary confinement and finds Found using the book. Found gives him an invisibility potion and Spoke manages to sneak into the armory and steals a 
Mace
. Spoke kills 
____Z____
 using it. He rallies up the inmates to fight back but the riot is eventually suppressed. Spoke is forced to drop all of his items minus the mace. 

Jamato orders 
_________
 to commence 
the games
.

Jamato hosts the games in an overworld section of the prison. At one point, he brings Jumper back to the prison to keep her from aiding Spoke. It is presumed that during or after Spoke set his ender pearl in an ender pearl cannon and was teleported back to spawn the surviving prisoner were temporarily brought back to Purgatory so the second round could be set up. 

After a second failed rebellion, Jamato brings Spoke back to the prison, forces Spoke to drop all his items to 
_________
, and has him stand on a pressure plate in the execution room that sets off the arrow cannon if Spoke steps off of it. The underscore commander disables the cannon and provides Spoke with an army and items to help him defeat Jamato and take control of NULL. Spoke, Jamato, the Y commander, and the underscore commander fight in the center of the prison. Spoke defeats Jamato at the cost of Mapicc (who possibly didn't die but simply ended up in the underworld) and takes control of NULL. He promptly frees all the surviving prisoners and has NULL prepare ender pearl cannons so they can all return to Spawn. 

Design

Purgatory is a clandestine prison made to imprison "dangerous" targets neutralized by Null. Purgatory's main purpose was to mentally break prisoners, with restriction being a later priority. This is best shown as how the guards neglected the Black Market's existence and players having contrabands such as armor and items impossible to get inside Purgatory. This philosophy is further reinforced through the games, where players were forced to kill each other. Jamato allowed prisoners' clandestine operations as it is calculated that nothing breaks a prisoner more than a false hope of getting out of Purgatory.

Purgatory is located in the both biomes, notably the Nether where it made its first appearance. Nether Purgatory is surrounded by a lava ocean, and entrance of the prison features a dragon head while the inside features row upon rows of cells made to keep thousands of players. The guards routinely switch places and not stationed sometimes. Each prisoner is forced to drop all of their items in their prison and ender chest before entering Purgatory. Players are regularly fed rotten flesh, but they do get fed other items on some cases. Despite being in the nether, water is used in the arrow cannon used to execute players who try to escape. Purgatory features elder guardians for its mining fatigue system. The center of this prison is an arena where major events are held, where prisoners can host any (such as PvP matches) while guards are not stationed. 

Before the events of the games, Overworld Purgatory was no more than massive emptied out hole surrounded by the void and the closest blocks being tens of thousands away. It has now been rebuilt with numerous artificial biomes and walls scretching to the height limit to serve as the arena for the games. Outside of the overworld Purgatory were bedrock plains, where Jumper and Spoke's supposed army escaped Purgatory.

There is a secret trading hub known as the Black Market. It is the place where armor, tools and other items can be sold and bought. It is a secret to the Purgatory guards, but 
ItsAli
 led the guards into the Black Market to try and kill Spoke. It was presumably abandoned after the mentioned events.

Purgatory

Thumbnails