"
Put that down; before you hurt yourself.
" — 
This article is missing a quote. Please help the 
Unstable Universe
 Wiki by 
adding
 one.

Purpled
 is a minor antagonist featured in 
Unstable Universe
. He was the leader of the 
Far Lands
 Warrior Council before 
Parrot
's election.

Contents

1
 
Personality

2
 
History

3
 
Thumbnails

4
 
Trivia

5
 
Navigation

Personality

Purpled is known to be a powerful, paranoid, and tyrannical player. Not only does he heavily dislike the Farmers and goes out of his way to tell the other Warriors about how pathetic the Farmers district is, he prioritizes hierarchy and power over peace and progress. 

History

Purpled is seen as the leader of the 
Warriors District
 in 
Far Lands
.

He made the choice to leave the Farmers alone in their time of need, yet he continues to be upset at the Farmers for not doing their jobs of providing for the Warriors, highlighting his hypocrisy. He is paranoid about Parrot, and betrays him and the Warrior Council by pretending to be Mafia members to attempt to maintain his position of power, but Parrot escapes. Parrot becomes the new leader because Purpled is outvoted by the council members.

In 
I Survived the Unstable SMP Purge
, Purpled is one of the remaining candidates in the “dining hall”. Everything was going well until 
LettuceK
 announces the second round, whilst a group of assassins try and kill the candidates. Purpled tries to fight, but he is outnumbered. Purpled escapes but at the cost of Naparizel’s life.

Lettuce calls the emergency meaning and tells the Unstable Members that Napa died, and he gives each candidate 120 votes to be split among the remaining candidates. After the votes are split, Lettuce announces the purge. All the candidates either run or fight and Purpled wants to fight. Purpled demands that Parrot give him his book and has 2 unknown affiliated players. Until Theo arrives at the Northern Council and decides to fight Purpled. Parrot then escapes and the fight between Theo and Purpled begins. Theo, using his TNT minecart combat style is able to wear down Purpled’s armor and in the end Purpled runs away and Theo calls it quits there to find Parrot. 

After the event of Parrot, Horace, and Fymada escaping a trap, the three are now on their way back to the Northern Council until Horace falls into a sand trap made by Purpled, he demands someone to give him the votes, in which Parrot says that Boosfer stole them. Purpled is angered by this response and gives Parrot and Fymada four hours to get the votes back. Parrot then sneaks into the Viking village Purpled owns and successfully helps Horace escape a trap that if he was to die, he would fall in lava. Purpled then goes after Parrot. Parrot manages to lose Purpled by hiding behind a tree.  

Purpled is one of the 4 remaining candidates in the election alongside 
Boosfer
, 
ParrotX2
, and 
LettuceK
.

He later renounced from the election and supported LettuceK. He then joined the Law at the Battle of The Northern Council. 

His fate is unknown. He is likely dead. 

Thumbnails

Trivia

Purpled is known to have been featured on 
The Dream SMP
, alongside 
Hannahxxrose

Navigation