Luigi, you're choosing green.
— 
Reddoons
 to 
LuigiToan
 to in 
I Survived Minecraft's Most Corrupt City

Reddoons
 is a supporting character featured in 
Unstable Universe
. He acted as the mayor of 
Capital City
 and the former mayor of 
Capital City 2.0
, and was an ally of 
The Invisible Mafia
. He is a tritagonist in Capital City 2.0, also serving as the mayor there, where he imposed high taxes. 

History

Season 1

ParrotX2
, 
Wifies
, and 
deanthebean9
 try to steal from Capital City. They are caught by Reddoons and five of his guards. Reddoons says that they each need to get 1000 diamond blocks to be able to leave Capital City. They try to escape, but fail. Reddoons says they now need to get 10,000 diamond blocks.

Parrot steals from Capital City vaults and gives people diamond blocks for them to be able to leave.

Reddoons finds out about the people getting set free and sees that his diamonds have been stolen. He triples the required quota.

Reddoons catches Parrot and Wifies after they have left a vault. Parrot and Wifies store all of the shulker boxes of diamonds in pots to not get caught with the items.

Reddoons figures out that they used the pots to store the diamonds. Reddoons makes it so whoever has the lowest amount of diamonds plays a game of roulette to decide if they live or not. Deanthebean9 and Parrot are tied for lowest. Parrot loses, but 
CoinMonke
, the guard, says he can’t kill him, as he doesn’t want to kill him. Parrot threatens to tell Reddoons that he didn’t do his job unless he helps them steal from Reddoons. 

Reddoons plans to lock down all of his vaults.

Reddoons forces people to play a game of roulette which decides if they live or are banned. Reddoons rigs it so 
LuigiToan
 loses, ordering CoinMonke to kill him. When Coin refuses, an annoyed Reddoons executes Luigi himself in front of a distraught Parrot.

CoinMonke agrees to give the miners gear to steal Reddoons diamonds for leverage. The team gets caught. Reddoons gambles if they can leave or not. Reddoons lets everyone free except for Parrot, deanthebean9. Reddoons brings them to 
Ashswagg
 and the Mafia. Ashswagg suggests they join the Mafia, but they say no. They try to force them to join, but CoinMonke activates their stasis chamber and they escape.

Season 2

Reddoons is seen at a secret base with 
Yeah_Jaron
. Spoke secretly spies on him for 100 days in the base. Spoke eventually raids the entire base and destroys it. He tries to steal the dragon egg from Reddoons but fails.

Spoke spies on Yeah_Jaron and sees him enter a new secret base with Reddoons. He eventually again raids the entire base.

Reddoons becomes the mayor of 
Capital City 2.0
. He is seen as a tyrant, as he forces people to operate shops where they must pay him 90% of their earnings in taxes. However, they cannot escape because they are scared of the world outside of the city. He makes a deal with 
Parrot
 and 
TheobaldtheBird
 to forgive everyone's debt in exchange for them safely transporting Reddoons's friend (
Hexatope
) from spawn to the city.

Reddoons was out of town when Wemmbu came and demanded information about FlameFrags's location. To punish the city for not cooperating, Wemmbu uses an 
orbital strike cannon
 to destroy a portion of the city. Security is increased as a result.

In the same video, it is also mentioned that Reddoons had made a "sacred pact" with 
Boosfer
 not to harm the bandits outside of the city walls in exchange for the bandits not raiding the city, but it is unclear when the pact was made.

Reddoons has since disappeared and hasn't appeared since, and is likely in hiding like Ashswagg.

Boundaries

No sexualization

No NSFW

No shipping

Human/Non human designs are okay

Thumbnail

Navigation