Royal Army
 were a large military force serving as the main enforcers and protector of 
Parrot's Kingdom
, led by the former King 
ParrotX2
. The Royal Army consisted of tens of thousands of players and was a combined force of teams across the Kingdom, making it the largest army known to the server. Compared to 
Cindercrest
, while the Royal Army was superior in numbers and redstone tech (mainly cannons); they were unprepared, inexperienced, and had far less resources, only getting netherite after obtaining much of Cindercrest's resources.

Contents

1
 
Structure

2
 
Background

3
 
History

4
 
Navigation

Structure

Royal Army is made up of tens of thousands of players including Merchant City Vanguard, 
Capital City Police Force
, multiple bandit groups, parts of 
The Law
, and many more volunteers from around the spawn area. It is the largest army in the server and its soldiers are equipped with diamond armors. 

Background

After winning the war against 
The Law
 and the conclusion of 
Kings Arc
, Parrot becomes the very first king of the server. To satisfy his people, Parrot promises to change the server in 100 days. He creates 
Skymore Civilization
, only to find it vanish and destroyed. With Parrot having knowledge of 
Cindercrest
's existence, he goes on a mission to gather as much players. 

History

Cindercrest is going to launch an invasion in 5 days. Parrot, with his position of power, has to gather an army. He only has 
TheobaldTheBird
 and 
ReinaDrop
 as his teammates. Parrot and his friends encounters bandits on the way, and manages to convince them enough to join his army. After gathering bandits, he arrives in 
Merchant City
. He threatens to force 
Merchant City Vanguard
 to join his army by capturing 
DanchoGold
, and the Vanguards accept his offer while turning against Dancho. Parrot's early army's numbers increases by hundreds.

Parrot trades with 
ClownPierce
 to obtain TNTs for redstone machines.

Parrot arrives in Law's main base. He tries to convince lawmen to join his army, which was a success with half of them joining his army, while the others stayed with 
SargeLAW
. Unsatisfied with the results, he blows up the somehow rigged base and wins the battle, marking the first victory of the Royal Army and securing much of Law's resources.

The Royal Army gathers at 
Fort Feather
. 

Cindercrest invades Fort Feather. The Royal Army bows them down and attacks Cindercrest forces with a bunch of TNT artillery. Unfortunately for the Royal Army, they witness Cindercrest's blimp. Parrot orders them to build up until they see 
ShoeBilly
. Fort Feather gets overrun and the Royal Army is evacuated, and Parrot blows up the fort causing losses in Cindercrest's side.

Parrot realizes he underestimated Cindercrest. Royal Army arrives at Merchant City and meets with the unsatisfied Vanguards. Parrot manages them to fight for his kingdom and stages a fake surrender for Cindercrest, enough to convince them and they retreat to their blimps. Cindercrest's blimp arrive above Merchant City, and gets gunned down by anti-air cannons. The Royal Army defeats the weakened Cindercrest forces.

TBA

Navigation