Salvationism
 is a minor character in 
Unstable Universe
. They were the leader of the 
Capitol City Guard Force
/the Capitol City Army. They were directly under the command of 
SirPig
.

Personality

Salvationism had a strong personality. They had a tendency to start on short, sometimes half nonsensical, rants and a proclivity to ignore the better advice of others for the sake of a goal, but never wavered in their loyalty and their drive to protect 
Capitol City
 and its citizens.

History

Salvationism is first seen inviting 
Invisible Knight
, qrwzdwr, timelessdu_o, and usiwz into the 
Capitol City Guard Force
 by lining them up in the training grounds and fighting each one of them one by one. 

They accidentally kill usiwz in their duel. They then notice the Invisible Knight's armor set with trims and netherite sword, and not feeling the need to test him like the others, invites him in to the Guard Force. qrwzdwr and timelessdu_o both passed the test.

They showed all the new recruits to the near empty equipment stash building, then assigned them to guard the walls.

They are next seen with 
SirPig
 scolding a large gathering of guards, trying to figure out who broke Capitol City's treaty with the 
Boosfer
's Bandits (an agreement that the guards would not attack the bandits outside of the walls if the bandits left the city alone). They then lead the group to the walls as they wait for the Bandit force to arrive.

A battle ensues, which is eventually won by the Guard Force, forcing the Bandit's retreat.

Salvationism is next found in the End, looking specifically for the Legendary Warrior 
Eggchan
. In the process, they kill a group of players who had 'taken over' the End. They are recruited by the Invisible Knight to kill Boosfer.

They recruit a force from Capitol City and head to the Mesa. They are unable to kill Boosfer and are forced to retreat when 
FlameFrags
 shows up to protect him.

After regrouping at Capitol City, they create a plan to build a void trap to trap and kill Flame and Boosfer.

The trap was unsuccessful, and in the resulting battle they are killed by 
FlameFrags
 while attempting to regear. Being the leader, this most likely led to the Capitol City Guard Force being disbanded.