As King of the Unstable SMP, I recently sent 1000 players on an expedition outside of my kingdom. When I returned, all of them were missing. This is searching for a civilization that doesn't exist. 
— 
ParrotX2

Searching for a Civilization that Doesn't Exist
 is the 125th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

As the king of Unstable, 
Parrot
 sent a group of players over a hundred thousand blocks out on an expedition. He made it their mission to build a civilization in this unexplored territory and determine if it was safe for the players inside of his kingdom to stay in. He gives them a week's time and promises to return by then to deliver more supplies. When the time comes, he makes the journey back to the civilization, which was given the name Skymore, to see that all thousand players had vanished. Parrot, 
Theo
, and a few guards look around for any signs of life and are skeptical of what happened. Parrot holds an emergency meeting with his guards and instructs them to search around the area, and so they all split off. Parrot and Theo stay together and investigate the civilization itself, as even Parrot has never seen anything like this before, Theo notices that the houses were unfinished and says he doesn't have a good feeling about this. Everything was still intact, it wasn't looted or griefed, it all happened all at once. After thirty minutes of searching, Parrot finds a sign inside of a house that tells a player named 
Reina
 that they had to run and to follow the farmland. They go down to the farmland, and Parrot notices that there's a pattern in the farmland and builds up, revealing a message written in morse code using dirt. Parrot deciphers it and it reads out, "
I RAN EAST, -
ZOE
". This gives them a clue of where to go next and figure out what actually happened. As Parrot was about to blow his horn to signal all his guards to return, 
Cachetale
 goes up to him and says he heard the horn, but Parrot says he hadn't. Parrot blows the actual horn this time and runs around the civilization, but only five out of the twenty guards returned. Parrot and his squad gets on their horses and heads east to see where the rest of the squad went, they overhear the same horn being blown and decide to keep going near it. Parrot discovers a secret stairway beneath a layer of dirt and wants to go deeper in, but the rest of his squad is too afraid to follow along. Parrot takes Theo along and tells whoever was down there to come out, but once they reached the bottom, all they found were  chests full of his squad's loot, implying that they died. Once they came back up, they see that even the ones who stayed above went missing as well.

Theo gets frustrated that Parrot keeps blowing the horn and revealing their locations, but Parrot says they have a clue to keep going and needs to figure out if these people are even alive still. They keep heading eastwards, but the more they headed east, the lesser the territory has been explored and won't know what to expect heading forward. They spot a town up ahead and go talk to the players inside of it, but none of them talk to them or really acknowledge them. Parrot goes around the town and finds a wall full of usernames, he spots the name zoe444 on the wall and thinks it could be the same person they're looking for. A person named capybaradunk comes from behind and asks if they know someone named Zoe and Parrot explains that they've been looking for someone named Zoe, capybara brings them into a house to talk. Theo asks what the signs are about, capybara goes on to explain how the town was created by new players who just logged on and and twenty people went out to go get food, but never returned. Parrot says the same thing happened to his civilization and that Zoe may have showed up at this town, capybara says Zoe was here and asked weird questions and acted strange before heading off. Parrot keeps asking if she left any clues behind, capybara says she did leave a message specifically for Reina only, Parrot kept asking for the message, so capybara gives it to him. Parrot reads the book and it ends up being another cipher. Parrot says they'll begin heading off, 
capybara
 is afraid they'd go missing too and begs for them to stay. Parrot and Theo still decide to go to figure out what's going on. Parrot knows that this part of the world was strange and that somebody or a group of players were up to this and were smarter and stronger than the average player and even Zoe knew that, hence why she left clues rather than being blunt. 

Parrot tells Theo that he tried to decipher it with no clues, however, this was a lie to mislead anybody that may be listening onto them and reveals that the actual clue wasn't the jumbled letters at the bottom of the book, but rather the first letters of each word which spelt out "
Find the white flowers
". Parrot and Theo ride their horses more east and follows the white flowers as said. After another 2,500 blocks they stumble across a camp of some sort. As they get closer, it seems to be deserted. On the tents they see a banner pattern that they've never seen before, one that resembles some kind of flame. Parrot overhears somebody digging dirt beneath them, Theo thinks Parrot is joking, but Parrot insists he heard it and decides to go back to their horses. Unfortunately for them, when they returned to where they parked their horses, they were stolen or vanished. Parrot finds it odd that if these players wanted to kill them, why go for their horses? Parrot writes inside of a book for Theo, he tells Theo that whoever these players are wants to think they ran out of resources and asks Theo to pretend to be out of food. Parrot believes that this would be enough to reveal whoever's been following them. In the desert, they find a ruin out in the middle of nowhere. It left no clues, so they move along. As they keep walking, they spot a random bed with a chest and a furnace, inside of the chest lies a book and quill. Parrot opens it and finds that it's another message written by Zoe, this time being a caesar cipher that tells Reina to head south from here. This message felt off to Parrot since this message was more simpler than before and that Zoe would've put a white flower inside of the chest to show that it was actually her that wrote it. Parrot decides to set up a farm and leave some items in the chest as bait for whoever's been following them. He pretends to explore around the desert to give the players enough time to hijack their items. As they come back, they see that their crops have been taken and most items in the chest. However, the book that Zoe had supposedly written was still there and they would've had every reason to take it, this reveals that this book was in fact fake. 

Parrot and Theo keep pushing east, following the white flowers that were placed every now and then. Parrot and Theo walk further into the forest, which brought them closer to where Zoe is. Eventually, they actually do run low on food and resort to towering up using the spruce saplings. Shortly after, they hear the horn being blown again. Parrot's plan was to wait for them to attack and fight back in order to detain and question the players. Worst case scenario, they would run away knowing who was after them. The people keep blowing the horn instead of attacking until it stops. A chest opens beneath them, Parrot breaks blocks and opens up the chest, which has two maps inside of it. Both of them take one each and see two icons forward and behind them, Parrot goes to chase the one upwards while Theo goes to the one behind. Before Parrot could continue chasing, he realizes something and goes back to Theo and tells him to stop. He explains to Theo that everything they've gone through, the players following them stopped whenever they heard Theo. They took everything from them, their teammates, their food, their horses, but never laid their fingers on Parrot or Theo. The map was their way of trying to separate the two and was afraid of Theo. Parrot has a plan and writes it in a book and gives it to Theo. Theo says this plan is stupid and doesn't want to follow Parrot around anymore and he decides to head back. 

Parrot follows the flowers and sees that it starts to become more common to see them as the horns follow him around. Eventually, he sees a house that's surrounded by white flowers for hundreds of blocks all around it and goes to investigate. He finds a book written by Zoe, it explains that something existed out there and anyone who left the civilization would never return, the survivors decided to call this entity "the monster". After two days, they were attacked by this so-called monster, which turned out to be a kingdom of players far stronger than they were. The survivors ended up relocating to this other kingdom named Cindercrest, which was a kingdom full of old players. Few of the survivors died from starvation, natural causes, or in attempts of escaping, which left only Zoe and her friend Reina. One day, Reina asked Zoe a question about the world being infinite and that made Zoe realize there was something wrong about the world, but didn't know what exactly. Zoe and Reina eavesdrop on two of the players conversation about taking back spawn. One of the players, 
saparata
, hears Zoe talking and that leads to Zoe running away before they executed them. Zoe ran back to Skymore since that was the only place she knew on the server and started to leave clues for Reina to find her. At the end of the book, Zoe says if Reina is the one that is reading it, she had mostly unfortunately starved to death and to answer the question she was asking herself.

As soon as Parrot finishes reading the book, the horn is blown and 
ShoeBilly
 stands at the front of the house. Parrot says that ShoeBilly has been the one terrorizing all these players and is going to declare war on his kingdom, Billy says to not blame him and he's only working for the highest bidder. Parrot gets angry that Billy took the lives of a thousand player, robbing them of a chance of playing on the server again. He asks Billy if he felt any remorse for killing any of them, Billy says not at all and that the only the strong are meant to survive and the only way to survive is to be a little bit selfish. Billy gets ready to kill Parrot and asks for his last words, Parrot yells for Theo to strike and he sets off a bunch of TNT minecarts that kill off the members of Cindercrest standing behind. A flashback plays to when Parrot wrote the plan in the book, he had Theo fake a reaction of an outrageous plan and to tail behind using the map. Theo holds Billy back as Parrot runs back to Skymore. Parrot stands up top on a castle at Skymore, Theo arrives looking roughed up and in full diamond armor rather than his usual netherite. Right before they head back, they see somebody running into the civilization. They go up to the player and see that it's Reina, she asks Parrot if he knows where Zoe is and Parrot gives her the book Zoe wrote. Parrot apologizes and says how he wanted to build this civilization to protect everyone. He looks at Theo and says they need to put an end to Cindercrest before they try to take back spawn. Theo says it's not possible and that he's even afraid of Billy, Parrot says he trusts Theo's judgement for saving his life countless amounts of times and decides not to jump right into a war. Parrot says they need to warn the rest of the server about Cindercrest a war actually breaks out. Reina steps up and says if Cindercrest never existed, she wouldn't have died and wants to help them fight. Parrot allows her to join them and the three of them head back to spawn.

Trivia

This episode referenced 
Wifies
' popular "Searching for a World that doesn't exist" ARG video multiple times with the title, the thumbnail, and Parrot claiming himself The King in Yellow in the video as well. The mysterious civilization that follows them behave like The King.

Wifies even commented on the video: Whatever you do at Skymore, keep going east ... 

The horn that Parrot blew is the same as the one to call together 
JumperWho's spies
.