Thousands of players have joined the Unstable SMP, but a small portion of those players have mysteriously disappeared, including my 
best friend.
— 
SpokeIsHere

Searching for 100 Players Who Went Missing
 is the 123rd episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

On the Unstable SMP, thousands of players are online concurrently, but a small percent of these players have disappeared within the past month. Most players don't seem to notice the disappearances, as death bans are super common, but 
Spoke
 thinks it may be something much more sinister going on. A case of this happening was his best friend 
Mapicc
, who went missing a month ago after spending years on Unstable. Spoke went on a search for him, which turned into a mission that unraveled one of the biggest mysteries on the server. Spoke goes on to recap what happened in the 
previous episode
 and the episode begins where it left off.

Spoke picks up the 
mission: null
 book and goes through the pages, which have usernames and coordinates linked to that player. He gives it to 
JumperWho
, neither of them know what it means. Jumper goes through the hundred pages to see if she recognizes a name, Spoke sees the bounty hunters coming from a distance and tells Jumper to invis up and run into the house. Both of them hide on top of lanterns just as the hunters barge inside the house and begin destroying it. A nether portal spawns nearby, another leader of 
the bounty hunters
 named 
_x_6_00
 comes through and gives the hunters extra resources. The leader builds a grave and goes back through the portal, the hunters then spread out and walk away. Once the coast is clear, Spoke and Jumper jump down from their hiding spot and go over to the grave and break the block underneath the wither rose. A chest appears under and there's a book signed by the leader, Spoke takes the book and reads it. It reads as following:

"
I know you stole it.

It doesn't belong to you.

Surrender and return what is ours.

Now, rebuild the portal.
"

Spoke gets scared at the fact that the leader knew he was going to break the portal, so they run towards a direction he knew the hunters didn't go. He mentions that some of the coordinates were close by and suggests that they should investigate in case this could have any leads on Mapicc's whereabouts. The first set of coordinates leads them to a house built out of cherry blossom wood, Jumper finds a dog left abandoned inside of the house, which confirms their theory that these players have gone missing. They begin heading over to another set of coordinates, they spot a nether portals in their path, signifying that the hunters are traveling through the nether to watch them. Spoke makes an escape tunnel in the nearby area because of this. Once Spoke builds the hole, they walk to the next set of coordinates and spots a player named Cornflakecapt4in living there. Spoke asks Cornflake if they've seen someone named Calvin6 and they say that Calvin was their teammate that went missing after he went out to get an enchantment table. Jumper goes through the book again and sees that Cornflake's name is also in the book at the exact same coordinates of Calvin, Spoke suggests that Cornflake should escape quickly. Cornflakes immediately starts digging into the ground. They see a nether portal spawn on a mountain close by, the hunters start attacking Spoke and Jumper, who barely have any resources to survive. Spoke has no more food or blocks, Jumper tells him that they need to run right then and now to one of their escape tunnels. Spoke doesn't have enough resources to get there, so he gets up on a mountain and gets invisibility from his ender chest. He goes back over to the base and rescues Jumper. 

A chase breaks out, Spoke spots another base in the distance and hides full invis in it. He hides on the outsides of the base and sees a boat placed on the ice. He doesn't know where Jumper is, so he has no way of contacting her and telling her to meet him over at the boat, but Jumper is already in the boat and spins around in it, showing Spoke that she was there first. The leader chases them, who drifts into a tree, giving them a bigger lead. When they get in water, the hunters are already all on boats and continue to chase. The hunters attempt to sink Spoke and Jumper's boat, Spoke tries to shoot and break their boats, but fails to. With no other option, they head back on land and continue heading towards the direction of Spoke's escape tunnel. Spoke towers upwards, but gets knocked off. He sees Jumper as soon as he falls and they start running again, the escape tunnel is right in front of them, Spoke breaks a melon and exposes the hole. He looks down and sees that there's not water down to bedrock and realizes the hunters broke the bedrock and turned it into a void trap. Spoke uses his Elytra and flies down slowly, he asks Jumper to drop rockets for him. The hunters have blocked off the entrance, Jumper makes up a plan real quick, she realizes the people are in the book for a reason and they're all trappers, so the coordinates in the book could have a void trap as well. The first set of coordinates have nothing, so they quickly go over to the next. As they continue to fly, Spoke's Elyta's durability wears down and is close to breaking until they spot something in the void. It's a happy ghast floating in the void with five players stuck on it. Jumper flies up and breaks the obsidian, she places water, but it doesn't flow down as blocks don't go beneath bedrock. Spoke steps up and pearls up, going through the obsidian entirely and breaks it. After Spoke gets up, he gets Jumper to get a saddle so they can all ride the happy ghast upwards, but because there's more than four of them, he asks if any of them were willing to jump and one of them jumps into the void. Spoke gives one of the players a pearl and they pearl up, Jumper then puts the saddle on the happy ghast and flies it upwards so the rest of them can swim up. As soon as they all make it up safely, Jumper gives them signs and asks what happened. One of them writes that they were trapped by someone named MisterMinion, who was the name in the book and were stuck down there for over three months. Spoke and Jumper leave them to be and lets them keep the base and leaves.

Jumper says she was right about NULL targeting bad players. Spoke says what they know about NULL is that they're ruthless and that they kill people, random people, friends, griefers, and it's more about their actions that affects players all around the server. Spoke says they need more help finding out what's going on. Spoke thinks that there's one player that could help them rally up players together, Jumper asks who he has in mind and Spoke says they need to go to spawn to visit the 
king
. They head to the front of the 
Northern Council
, Spoke nicely asks the guards to let them see the king, but they nod their heads no. One of them blows a horn, Spoke thinks they should start going full invis and sneaking in, just as he says that, Jumper sees 
TheobaldTheBird
 walking out of the Northern Council to see what they want. Spoke says they need to see the king, Theo doesn't allow to let them through without any reason, Spoke places down his ender chest and says he has goodies, which piques Theo's interest. Theo makes them pay two totems as down payment to walk foot inside the Northern Council and two pieces of netherite when they're at the front of the castle. Spoke says he does have netherite to give Theo and gives him directions to where it is, Theo writes it down in a book and quill, Spoke and Jumper run past him while he's distracted. Theo catches up to them and asks for his tip, Spoke gives him a stack of TNT. The three of them walk up to where Parrot is, Theo tells Parrot that Spoke and Jumper were there to visit and forces them to bow. Parrot stops Theo since they're his friends and asks how they've been. Spoke cuts to the chase, he asks Parrot if he knows anything about NULL. He explains Parrot what NULL has been doing and that players have gone missing inside of the book they got their hands on. Parrot says he has gotten zero reports about any player disappearances and that most of the coordinates inside of the book were inside of his kingdom. Parrot goes on to say this is the first time he's heard of this and he would've known if players were actually going missing. Jumper begins to explain how everybody in the book is theorized to be players who are trappers, griefers, scammers, bad people overall. Parrot says all of the people that have disappeared are bad and NULL is doing more good for his kingdom than bad. He doesn't believe NULL is a real thing, but rather that they're using him to find Mapicc and is willing to give them resources to find him and that NULL isn't a top priority for him. Spoke crashes out and says he's the king and that he should be worried about a mysterious group of players terrorizing his kingdom. In the end, Parrot tells them he doesn't have a lot of resources and gives them as much as he can. 

Spoke, Jumper, and five guards walk down the obsidian highway. Spoke asks Jumper if she has anybody they can ask for help, as Jumper answers, Spoke sees a nether portal on top of a lava cast and senses that something is wrong. The bounty hunters break out of the walls and instantly kill Parrot's guards. Another chase breaks out, Spoke and Jumper desperately try to boat away, but the bounty hunters are constantly on their tail. Spoke tries the tree strat again by hiding in a tree, but the hunters spot him. Spoke then wind charges up a lava cast and towers up, Jumper follows shortly after. Jumper accidentally misclicks and that causes them both to get knocked down. They make it back on ice, Spoke boats away, but gets stuck in a pothole. The hunters catch up, Spoke swims down into the water and digs into a cave and wind charges out, successfully juking out most of the hunters. He reaches the top of the tower again, he pearls away and pretends to get knocked off to distract the hunters. He spots Jumper in the distance and goes full invis in a boat to go save her. Spoke fails to boat away and sees another cave in the distance. He gets Jumper to follow him into the cave, the hunters come following and Spoke hides right below a waterfall and jukes the hunters again. He then uses this opportunity to make an escape tunnel. He climbs out of the tunnel and signals Jumper to pearl to him, they both jump down the tunnel, Spoke drains the water and places a dripstone where the water was, popping four of the hunter's totems and making them teleport. They go into crawl mode and begin to dig away, the hunters catch up, but end up losing their trail. 

As they surface, Spoke says they're back at square one and without the regear Parrot gave them, they would've died. He mentions how there's so much going on in the server for players to care and that just the two of them aren't enough to stop it all. Spoke says they only have one more option, and that's to use 
Jumper's spies
. Jumper dislikes the idea of using her spies and reminds him of the spies' actual purpose and that if they do go through with this plan, they would essentially be declaring war on NULL. They then decide to go to the last remaining set of coordinates to find any clues on Mapicc. The last house appears to be another regular house, Spoke looks around on the outside and sees there's a part of the house hidden somewhere and stumbles across a hidden passageway inside of the chimney hiding behind a painting. Inside of the secret room is random loot and a book hidden in an item frame named "
road to null
" signed by anticsparty06, a different player who isn't shown in the mission: null book. Spoke begins reading the book, it reveals that Antics hasn't left their base in weeks because 
they
 would find him and this time he doesn't think he would escape. Antics joined Unstable with the intent of building farm with friends and creating a factory to give new players gear in order to survive and wanted to be remembered as a good player. Antics starts to talk about NULL, they came rummaging the base and forced him to march for tens of thousands of blocks to a mountain, where a pearl cannon was built and was said to teleport them to the Road of Null. Antics never got to see where it lead, he attempted to offset the cannon and send his pearl elsewhere. Right before he was killed, his pearl landed in the middle of the 
Far Lands
. He was able to reach the border to find food and resources to build a pearl cannon of his own. He says NULL has been relentlessly hunting and watching him and asks for whoever found the book to come save them and gives them a set of coordinates; 50,000 in each direction. Spoke thinks this may lead to the coordinates of the pearl cannon and this is their only chance of saving the missing players as well as Mapicc. Spoke says they have to go into this world and makes a plan to gather up the spies while NULL is distracted. Spoke goes in one direction and Jumper goes towards another, before they set off, Jumper tells Spoke to give them a choice to come join them.

They get ahold of fourteen more spies and they all fly towards the pearl cannon using happy ghasts. Just as they reach the pearl cannon, another set of happy ghasts come flying from the other side of the mountain. NULL had gotten there at the same time and begin shooting arrows at the spies. Spoke comes up with a plan, goes full invis and jumps down. He walks to the pearl cannon and throws a pearl into it. The leader sees it being activated and blows the cannon up, and the hunters kill off Jumper's spies, causing Spoke and Jumper to retreat. Jumper sounds defeated at the fact that she brought her spies into war when she promised to keep them safe from any kind of conflict. They had lost the last players that could help them and with no pearl cannon to get to where they need to go. They head back to Spoke's hidden base from the previous episode, a lamp goes off signaling that someone is at the entrance and Jumper goes to see who it is. She comes back and tells Spoke someone is at the door and doesn't know who it is. Spoke comes up to the entrance and sees an invisible player with a copper helmet, diamond chestplate, copper leggings, and iron boots. The invisible player drinks milk and it is revealed to be Mapicc.

Trivia

The coordinates 50k, 50k is the exact same coordinates that Wemmbu used for his griefing services back in Season 1 in the episode, 
Why I Destroyed the Unstable SMP
.

At 1:00:07 you can see "Kill Spoke" on the frozen river. 
 
 
 
 
"Kill Spoke"