eggchan is gone
— 
Wemmbu

Searching For My Friend Who Went Missing
 is the 131st episode featured in 
Unstable Universe

Plot

Wemmbu
 begins the episode by telling the viewers that he doesn't have a lot of friends, except his friend 
Eggchan
. Wemmbu then recaps his previous video, that a mysterious player wanted Egg dead, however during an encounter he and Egg split off and he hasn't found Egg every since. However, while he was split off from Egg he managed to kill the mysterious player who was revealed to be a player named 
Cytharam
. He believed that he managed to kill the mysterious player until he saw the mysterious player next to him. The player told him to meet him at his base and stasises away. 

Wemmbu asks the mysterious player where Egg is. The mysterious player tells Wemmbu that he doesn't know where Egg is. The player tells Wemmbu that Egg is valuable and that he needs to kill Egg or he will get captured and it will end badly for everyone .  Wemmbu eventually agrees to work with this player to find Egg. The mysterious player asks Wemmbu if he has any idea where Egg could be. Wemmbu tells the player that he has an idea. The mysterious player tells Wemmbu that he needs to restock his orbitals as he anticipates they will get into a lot of fights. Both of them head to a town to get information about Egg, they begin to look for a player who is selling armor. A player named Wheatgust rings a bell bringing them to his shop. 

Wemmbu then asks wheatgust if he has any armor that he doesn't need. Wheatgust shakes his head yes and gives armor to Wemmbu and the mysterious player. The mysterious player gives Wheatgust diamond blocks and Wemmbu and him began walking all over town. Then, 
Yungyx
 and 3 guards appear in the town and start interrogating people about the whereabouts of Egg. Yungyx tells the players that 
Arachn1d
 really wants Egg, Wemmbu asks the mysterious player why he wants Egg and the mysterious player tells Wemmbu again that Egg is too valuable. Wemmbu heads to the pond where Yungyx and begins fishing, secretly listening to Yungyx's conversation with the other players.

After a few seconds of listening to Yungy's conversation, Wemmbu maces Yungy catching him by surprise. Wemmbu begins fighting Yungy and his guards when the town guards starting fighting Wemmbu. Wemmbu manages to kill Yungy's guards and makes Yungy'x flee. The town guards continue to fight Wemmbu while Yungy continues to flee. Wemmbu jumps off a bridge with his elyta and flies to Yungy, however the town guards continue to fight Wemmbu. Eventually ,Yungy flees leaving Wemmbu and the town guards alone. The town guards continue to fight Wemmbu, they eventually stop and Wemmbu leaves the town guards. Wemmbu comes back to the mysterious player who tells Wemmbu that he should have kept a low profile as everyone from the town left leaving them with no information. Wemmbu and the mysterious player head to Egg's fishing spot to find any clues about where Egg could be.  

They don't find anything and Wemmbu asks the player why Egg is so valuable in the first place. The mysterious player ignores Wemmbu and Wemmbu begins to leave when the player tells Wemmbu fine. The player tells Wemmbu that Arachn1d isn't the only one hunting Egg down and that the only reason why Arachn1d is hunting Egg is to control him. Wemmbu then asks the player why he knows that information about Arachn1d's plans. The player tells Wemmbu that Arachn1d payed him to capture Wemmbu alive and that many of his enemies will pay big to keep him alive. Wemmbu believes that the planted wheat seed is a clue and the mysterious player says "The Wheat Village". The player then tells Wemmbu that they is where Egg is, they head to the Wheat Kingdom in hope of finding Egg. They discover that the Wheat Kingdom has been destroyed and find a group of players in the destruction. 

A player writes on a sign saying "This invis guy kidnapped Egg", Wemmbu then tells the invisible player that he has Egg all this time. The mysterious player tells Wemmbu why would he be working with Wemmbu if he had already gotten Egg. Wemmbu then believes that the mace that he has is the one that he gave to 
FieldsOfElysium
. Wemmbu then tells the player that the deal is off and attacks the player with a stab shot, killing a player from the group in the process. Wemmbu then unleases an orbital strike on the wheat farms blowing up a big chunk of it. Wemmbu continues to fight the player for a long time, using another orbital strike on him. The mysterious player stasises away and Wemmbu meets up to the group of players. The group of players reveal that someone was with the invisble player, that someone was 
FlameFrags
. Wemmbu comes to FlameFrag's base to find two players guarding the entrance. Wemmbu orbitals them instantly killing them and heads into Flame's base. He finds Flame, Lomedy, and the invisible player and knows that they have Egg. Flame tells Wemmbu that he is forced as he is in 
Cindercrest
. Wemmbu asks Flame why he is working with the invisble player. Flame tells Wemmbu that if he cooperates Egg won't die. Wemmbu then unleashes an orbital strike on Flame's base and starts fighting Flame. Wemmbu and Flame continue to fight, with Wemmbu continuing to stab shot Flame. Flame tells 
Lomedy
 to kill Egg and Wemmbu rushes after Lomedy trying to stop him. Wemmbu discovers an obsidian box and realizes that the invisible player took Egg. Flame tells Wemmbu that it is Wemmbu's fault, Wemmbu asks Flame why was he working with the invisible guy. Flame tells Wemmbu that he was working with him because he is in Cindercrest. Flame tells Wemmbu that he was asking Egg questions and when he refused to answer any questions, he put him in an obsidian box.

Wemmbu and Flame begin sailing to 
Linnwyrm's
 base, and find that Linnwyrm is afk because he is getting doordash. Lynnworm returns and is greeted by Wemmbu and Flame, Wemmbu asks Linnworm if he has see Egg. Linnworm tells Wemmbu that he hasn't see Egg, Wemmbu asks Linn how did he know that he needed the armor that he is wearing. Linn tells Wemmbu that ever since the Law had came out of power that there have been many players stirring in the world. He wanted Wemmbu to be at full strength if anything came up. Wemmbu asks Linnwyrm if he knew about the mysterious trimmed player,Linn tells Wemmbu that he knows the mysterious player. Wemmbu and Flame gives the recap of his story with the mysterious player.  

Lynn reveals that he knows where the mysterious player's base is and tells Wemmbu that it's time to get looking. 
Jaden_MAN
 then appears to help and Linn tells Wemmbu and Flame that they need all the help they can get. Flame and Jaden start arguing with each other, they eventually agree to work with each other. Wemmbu, Flame, and Jaden begin looting up to prepare for the journey to the mysterious player's base. Wemmbu begins disenchanting a bunch of fishing rods and bows to get xp for his armor. Wemmbu asks Flame for totems, hesistant Flame eventually places a shulker box full of totems which Wemmbu quickly snatches.  

Wemmbu, Jaden, and Flame begin to head out of Linn's base just before Linn gives them a warning about how dangerous the player. They begin to head off when they realize they've never asked the coords to the base. Once they have the coords. they sail to find an enormous island which they presume is the player's base. They approach the island and find Yungyx and Arachn1d with three guards who tell them that they want Egg. They all head up the mysterious player's to see Egg, they find Egg and the mysterious player. 

Egg greets Wemmbu and Wemmbu aks Egg how he got in this situation. The mysterious player tells everyone that he has a proposition, he tells them that who ever pays him the most will be given Egg. Wemmbu asks the player what happened to him, killing Egg of the server. The mysterious player then puts Egg in a remote stasis chamber for his safety. Everyone starts arguing about their riches until Flame tells everyone he is on the behalf of Cindercrest. Wemmbu being surprised asks Flame why. Flame tells everyone that Cindercrest needs Egg's knowledge.  

Getting impatient, Wemmbu tells everyone that he will kill everyone there, he then unleashes an orbital strike bringing in a huge fight. Everyone starts fighting each other, Jaden and Wemmbu manage to kill two of Arachn1d's guards before unleashing another orbital strike. The huge fight continues wth Wemmbu only focusing Flame. Flame then brings a bunch of armored wolf's to the fight, Wemmbu then starts fighting Yungy. Wemmbu eventually goes back into the fight with everyone. Wemmbu and Yungy fly into a cave and start dueling when the invisible player and and Flame enter as well. Wemmbu and Flame continue to fight for a long time, Wemmbu then goes after Yungy, he then notices an intresting building in the cave. Wemmbu then goes invis to hide from everyone. 

He goes into the mysterious cave building and finds a maze, Wemmbu begins to go through it until he digs down. He finds nothing and continues to got though the maze almost going into a trap. He finds a dripstone trap and realizes he could use the dripstone. 

He manages to pop the invisible player's totem with the dripstone revealing his name which is Flbthp. He chases after Flbthp and finds Arachn1d, Jaden, and an invis guy (possibly still Flbthp) in a big room. The invis guy tells them to wait for the representative for Cindercrest, Flame and Yungy both arrive and the mysterious player tells everyone he is willing to negotiate. Arachn1d tells the mysterious player that he will give him, the entire treasure of the caverns. 

The mysterious player accepts his offer and expects the offer to be true. Wemmbu asks Yungy and Arachn1d, why they want Egg so badly, Yungy tells Wemmbu that with Egg, they have him and with him they have a bunch of power which will allow for Arachn1d to be the rightful king. Yungy then tells Wemmbu that with him on their side they will win a lot of battles in the future.  The episode ends off with Yungy giving Wemmbu an ultimatum, join him in the caves or they will kill Egg.

Trivia

There was a moment in this video where Wemmbu was in creative mode.

This is the only video with the thumbnail to not include a protagonist in it.