The Unstable SMP is the largest Hardcore Minecraft server, with thousands of players joining every day. However, over the course of the past few weeks, at least a thousand of these players have gone missing....
— 
SpokeIsHere

Searching For 1000 Players Who Went Missing
 is the 126th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

Spoke
 recaps what he's gone through for the past month; looking for a thousand players, trying to find his 
best friend
, finding clues that players left behind, all to find out there are anonymous players take players to places that nobody else has seen before on the server.

The episode starts right where it left off previously, Mapicc unveils his identity and tells Spoke and 
Jumper
 that he doesn't have a lot of time and to pack everything they have and to meet him at a set of coordinates in a signed book by a player named Revenant44. This leaves the both of them speechless, but they had no other choice other than to listen to his instructions. 

They reach the coordinates and spot a tree getting broken and replaced, hinting that's where the hidden bunker is and so they go down the ladder. As they do, one of the 
Null Hunters
 watch them from a distance. At the bottom of the bunker, there are four eerie identical tunnels lit with redstone torches, Mapicc tells them to follow him down one. Spoke asks Mapicc what's happened to him and asks for an explanation about everything. Mapicc explains that he was captured by NULL , but was able to escape and has a chance to save the rest of the players. He then goes on to say that they're heading towards a pearl cannon that leads to a camp and they'll be able to gear up and meet up with Revenant, the same player who wrote the book, saved Mapicc. Just as they think they're safe, the Null Hunters hide in the walls of the tunnel and dig out and start chasing. Mapicc insists going to the pearl cannon is the only way out of this, so they keep running to the cannon. Spoke and Jumper hold them off easily and they make it to the cannon and pearl into it. 

As the three all teleport, Mapicc says the cannon had failed to teleport them to the right location and the hunters may have tampered with it. Spoke opens up his F3 menu and sees that they're 12 million blocks out and thinks it's going to take forever to go back to spawn, but Mapicc says being out that much is a good thing and begins walking towards the 
Far Lands
. Mapicc says to be careful of Null Hunters that could potentially be out in the Farlands since the camp is deep inside. The three of them go inside of the Farlands rather than the top to not show themselves, Mapicc says they'll keep going until they reach a biome he recognizes. When they reach the end of the tunnel, it's a biome that's all flowers, which isn't the one Mapicc recognizes. Mapicc then spots a Null Hunter so they sneak and watch him. They overhear 
their squad leader
 telling the rest of the hunters instructing them on what to do before they used their traveling methods to leave. They come out of hiding and start walking forward again, Mapicc tells Spoke and Jumper that there are other people that have escaped NULL and that NULL isn't the only things they should be worried about in the Farlands. Mapicc makes a point that with NULL capturing bad players, they're bound to do bad things even in the Farlands, so he suggests for Spoke and Jumper to blend in with them and not use their netherite armor. Spoke then suggests that they use the shortcuts that the hunters since there's a good chance they'd get lost in the Farlands, and so they do. As they run back the opposite direction, they spot a cave entrance and go inside. They splash invis for safety measures and spot Null Hunters running right past them. After all of them have passed, they come out of hiding and turn left and reach the red plains biome of the Farlands, which is the biome the camp is located at. Spoke asks why they don't go through the Nether, Mapicc tells him that nether portals are a bad omen and whoever has gone through the Nether that isn't NULL have never returned. He theorizes that the hunters may have taken these players into the Nether. 

Eventually, they find the campsite, but with no signs of Revenant anywhere. Spoke spots a hole caused by an explosion with cobwebs, signaling that the hunters had found the camp and took all of the gear. With no other leads, they have no other ideas and need to come up with something new. Mapicc has the idea of killing the other missing players, Spoke doesn't think that seems ideal. Just as they say that, a group of the missing players run their direction and they start running the opposite direction and towering up to the mineshaft up in the air with the players towering up as well. Spoke and Jumper put on their netherite armor and start attacking them, but they hear one of them say that they were the players that raided the camp. Spoke is confused and asks them to repeat themselves, they think that Spoke is a part of NULL because of his shield pattern and demands to know why he attacked the camp. Spoke explains to them that him and Jumper are the only players who know about NULL and what they've been doing, and that convinces them to team up. The Null Hunters start towering up, the missing players tell them to take their horses at the bottom and to head north while they fight off the hunters. Mapicc couldn't believe that they convinced the missing players to work with them, Spoke says although they are all bad people, they'd have to work with each other. It cuts back to the missing players being confronted by the Null Hunters, they make all the missing players take off all their armor and go through a nether portal. Spoke finally uses the time to ask Mapicc why he gave him the NULL shield. Mapicc goes to say when him and 
MinuteTech
 went to the end right before the final fight against 
the Law
, they split off and Mapicc encountered the Null Hunters for the first time. He says that they helped him by giving the shield and invited him to join NULL. Since he was about to fight a war, he couldn't join quite yet, but in the middle of the fight, they pulled his stasis due to him being way too trusting.

The three of them make it near the end of the biome, where chunks of the biome start appearing on top. Jumper spots Null Hunters coming from the distance, but Spoke says they can outrun them with their horses. Shortly after, they make it out of the red plains biome and enter the Farlands Rings biome. They go upwards and see names, and so they go to investigate. They find a house and a group of players surrounding a campfire playing a game. Spoke holds up the NULL shield and asks if they know anything about the group, the player speaking tells him that he should talk to their leader and brings them over to their leader, who is 
PlanetLord
. He invites them into a house with an enchantment table and allows them to gear up. After they get all new gear, Spoke asks Planet what he's been up to, Planet says he's been in the Farlands for a while and he used to explore a lot of the biomes before NULL started patrolling it and that him and the village believes the biomes weren't created naturally, but rather that whoever discovered the Farlands first on Unstable made them. The three go to the farm and collect wheat and carrots and begin fishing, when all of a sudden the same player that they talked to earlier gets killed by a Null Hunter. They go back invis and spy on the leader talking to Planet asking where Spoke had went, but Planet says he doesn't know in order to protect them, and so the hunters force Planet to go through a nether portal. Spoke sees the house they were just in and realizes he left all of his shulkers in the house, so he goes down to the house to collect them. The Null Hunters see that Jumper and Mapicc are above and start attacking them, causing them to run. 

They make it to the end of the Farlands Rings and enter a big plains biome with no trees or water. They run through that whole biome and enter a biome that's entirely dark and filled with black. They realize that the armor's enchantment glints is the only way to see in this darkness, so they take off their armor and place a torch to see each other. They come up with a plan to use this to their advantage, as the hunters don't know how to track them through this biome. They sneak up on a few of the hunters and kill them off one by one. One of the hunters drops chainmail armor, which meant Planet could have possibly died. The leader comes up to them and asks what they did to his team, and they start jumping the leader. Before they kill him off, he asks what they want. Spoke says he knows it's not easy to become a leader and wants him to answer a few questions. Firstly, he asks why they take players from spawn to the Farlands, but the leader says he's just the middleman and knows nothing and was sent by someone. The next question Spoke asks is who sent these hunters, but he isn't able to share that information, however, he can show the place where they come from. Spoke forces the leader to drop his netherite armor for precautionary reasons and make him take him to the place. When they reach the place where the Null Hunters travel through, he's too scared to go down the trapdoor and says he can't be seen with Spoke. The leader tries to run away, and Jumper kills him. They then drop down the trapdoor, which seems to be an infinite stone brick staircase that keeps going down and down. They finally reach the end, which has fibers that may lead to the different biomes like the leader said. Spoke says they should go to the bottom and starts lighting the place up with redstone torches to be able to see. They see a light in the distance and walks towards it to discover a village looking area. Jumper sees someone coming from the darkness, Spoke is taken aback and shocked when he sees 
JamatoP
 come into view. The episode ends as Jamato tells them that he's there to help.

Trivia

Unlike 
Wemmbu
, Spoke's ender chest did not get cleared when he entered in the Farlands.

Null Hunters
 can light nether portal in the Farlands.

The red plain biome, the fabric biome, and Mapicc saying "soul corrupted to darkness" are reference to Wifies' world that doesn't exist ARG series or 
the Underworld
.

The word "Revenant" means "a person who returns after a long absence or, in folklore, a visible ghost or animated corpse that returns from the dead to haunt the living" which suggests that Revenant might return.