The 
Secret Base Arc
, also known as the 
100 Days Arc
 is an arc in 
Unstable Universe
.

Story

Spoke sneaks into 
Point Nemo
, the secret base of 
Ashswagg
 and 
TheRealSquiddo
. He spends a while searching the base, uncovering secret vaults and passages, before finally finding a villager, which Ash plans to trade to 
Reddoons
. Spoke rigs the trade, stealing the payment and killing the villager, then steals everything else in the entire base, but is forced to burn most of it to stop Ash from finding it again. He follows Ash to a different secret base, where Ash catches him, revealing he sold the dragon egg to Reddoons, and that there's nothing left for Spoke.

Spoke sneaks into the base of Reddoons and 
Yeah Jaron
. He spies on them for a while, and is forced to visit 
PlanetLord
 for a duplicate of a pet he accidentally kills. Planet and 
Mapicc
 follow him back, and they all spy together. Spoke pranks Jaron as he’s showing his friend 
Baconnwaffles0
 around the base. They prepare for the final raid of every item, which is successfully completed despite Jaron’s attempted interferences. However, Reddoons reveals they missed the dragon egg room, and claims it for himself, so Spoke promises to hunt him down until he gives it up.

Spoke finds their new base and hides inside. He messes up multiple trade deals they attempt to make while also stealing from their farms. After multiple close calls, he discovers they have a villager, but before he can steal it, thieves raid the base. Spoke blows them up, but accidentally destroys the entire base with them, including all his wealth.

Spoke sneaks into the 
Bounty Assassin Team
’s base, but gets trapped inside there, forcing him to be stealthy once more. However, B.A.T. knows he’s there and are intent on killing him, believing him to be the player they’re hunting: 
The Director
. He begins calling himself that without knowing what it means. Eventually, he goes on a pranking spree, dangling pets over the void, destroying farms, and setting off fireworks. In the end, he gets captured and interrogated by BAT, but escapes with chorus fruit. While they chase him, he manages to lose them and successfully escapes, fleeing the base.