"
There's nothing you can do alone that's better than something we can do as two people.
"
This article is unfinished and/or outdated by new episode info. Please help Unstable Universe Wiki by 
expanding it
.

"
I don't think we had any improvements in our quality of life.
" — 
This article is missing an image. Please help the 
Unstable Universe
 Wiki by 
uploading
 and 
adding
 one.

The 
Skill vs Power Arc
 is a mini arc in 
Unstable Universe
.

History

FlameFrags
 gets recruited by his friend 
Lomedy
 to help deal with 
Spongs
 and 
Willsion
, who've been harassing him and destroying his farm, but without any violence. After Spongs and Willie show up, Flame builds traps that nearly kill them. Flame sneaks onto their farm and steals their prized sniffer egg, so in retaliation they blow up most of Lomedy's farm. Flame helps Lomedy rebuild, and then they go and blow up the entirety of Spongs' and Willie's. Flame lets them live, though.

Flame gets tasked by an invis player to perform a number of tasks. He receives small rewards from each one, with the last task being to kill a group of bandits that actually put up a fight. The invis player is revealed as 
SpokeIsHere
, and he gives Flame a book with coords to an old 
Mafia
 stash. Flame goes there and finds a few shulkers of items before being attacked by 
Wemmbu
. Wemmbu calls down orbital cannon strikes on Flame, popping over a dozen of his totems, destroying his restock shulkers, and breaking his eye trim chestplate. In the end, Flame is forced to flee, having lost his title as the strongest player.

Flame returns to his old base, but finds it occupied by bandits. He kills some people for gear, then gets 
Lomedy
 to build him a new base, and then visits the Nether, which is ruled by 
ClownPierce
. Some of his minions attack, but Flame escapes them. Finally ready for a rematch, he heads to 
Capital City 2.0
 to get info on Wemmbu, only to be told Wemmbu is dead.

When pressed, that person tells Flame he got the info from 
Luke4472
. Flame finds Luke's base destroyed by the same bandits he fought for Spoke, and goes to their base, but finds no one. He finds some explorers and forces them to tell him where the other bandit bases are, and successfully finds and frees Luke. Luke tells him he heard it from 
MinuteTech
, so they go to the End. Flame fights Minute for the information, and Minute finally surrenders, only to once again tell Flame that Wemmbu is dead. Flame returns to his base, out of leads, only for 
Boosfer
 to show up with information on Wemmbu.

Boosfer makes Flame go get ender pearls from Capital City, and then protect him from an attack led by an invis player. Boosfer sends Flame to steal 
ParrotX2's
 helmet, since his broke, but Boosfer calls it invalid due to the bad enchantments. Flame finally decides to kill him if he doesn't give up the info, but then the invis player shows up again wit about twenty people. Flame kills most of them despite struggling, but the invis player convinces him that Boosfer doesn't actually have the information, and they should just kill him. Boosfer escapes, but not before telling Flame that ClownPierce is the one who killed Wemmbu.

Flame enters the Nether and finds Parrot and 
TheobaldTheBird
, who convince him they should team up, since both need access to Clown's castle. Flame and Theo sneak inside and fight 
FerreMC
, Clown's second-in-command, and kidnap him. Parrot, however, lets him go as part of his plan to find Clown's secret vault, which Flame doesn't care about. He overhears Parrot and Theo planning to betray him and goes to Clown, offering to bring him to Parrot if he talks about Wemmbu. Clown agrees, but fails to hold up his end of the bargain, so Flame kills every single one of his guards, then leaves. With all of his leads at an end, he visits Parrot in Capital City and hires him to find Wemmbu.

LettuceK
 shows up to Flame's base and invites him to 
Law City
, offering him the chance to either surrender or be captured in three days. Flame recruits Lomedy to help him prepare, and they sneak into Law City, learning that a shipment of gear is arriving soon. Flame kills the people bringing it, angering Lomedy, who is only partially satisfied by Flame's explanations. Flame decides to attack Law City early, but Lettuce brings about fifty people to fight him. After a very long battle, Flame kills almost all the people and leaves.

Parrot orchestrates a trap for Wemmbu, which works perfectly, revealing his identity. He and Flame start to fight, but 
The Law
 show up, necessitating an escape. Flame and Wemmbu alternate between fighting each other and the Law before finally running far away, all the way to Flame's base to regear, planning to kill the Law and then each other. The Law shows up and Flame and Wemmbu kill all fifty or so people there, forcing Lettuce to flee. They follow him back to his city, but he reveals that even if they kill him, the Law won't stop. Wemmbu offers a fight between the two of them and every single Law member, to which Lettuce agrees.

Lettuce brings a thousand people, and Flame and Wemmbu fight them all. Constantly struggling, Flame is convinced by Wemmbu to pick up a mace someone dropped, which he does, increasing his effectiveness. They eventually manage to kill every single player. Flame burns the mace and attacks Wemmbu, and they fight for a while before Wemmbu gives up the title of the strongest player, no longer caring. They depart on relatively good terms. However, Lettuce appears to take the weakened Wemmbu hostage.

Navigation