I was returning to my camp on the Unstable SMP, when I saw them—
— 
FlameFrags

SOLO Player VS Toxic Minecraft Clan
 is the 46th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

The episode begins in 
FlameFrags
 reuturning to his camp only to see people griefing it. The toxic players also kidnap 
Ashen
.  

FlameFrags follows the toxic players and attacks the first few people he sees in the base.  The players are using strength to increase their attack damage but this doesn't work on Flame as he kills the players in the first base.After killing the first wave of toxic players, FlameFrags blows up their base and follows the path into the next base.  

The players begin using poison arrows but that doesn't work on Flame as he kills them all. He then destroys their base and follows the path into another base.  

This time they use harming arrows. Flame barely manages to kill all of them and the last player dies from fire damage. Flame destroys the base and continues blowing up their base. 

Flame finds an enchanting table and he upgrades his armour before tracking down another base and destroying it until he finds Ashen. 

This time, the players have soul sand placed around their base and are wearing soul speed boots with the speed and weaving effects which makes them go faster on soul sand and prevents them from getting stuck in cobwebs as well as using slowness potions on Flame. Flame uses the harming arrows he got from the previous base to kill the players. He then loots the base, blows it up and leaves.

He then finds a base underwater. The players there are using water breathing, turtle shells and tridents. Flame doesn't have a hard time killing all of them. After killing all the players he places obsidian in all of their houses and griefs it.

At the next base, he goes down a ladder into complete darkness. He is ambushed by players shifting behind the doors and this time Flame barely kills all of them. After killing all of them he blows the base up.

Then he meets 
T0X1N
 and his 6 other commanders representing the leaders for every base up to now. Flame tries to free Ashen but they fight and the winner gets to keep Ashen. Flame kills some of them before his helmet and chestplate almost break so he picks up the dead players loot and he takes their armour to wear it. After some time he kills all of TOX1N's commanders.

TOX1N threatens to kill Ashen if Flame doesn't drop all his gear. Flame drops his potions and a water bucket but TOX1N allows him to keep his armour and weapons. TOX1N then forces Flame to send him a screenshot of his inventory. TOX1N then forces Flame to jump on a ladder on top of a pit of chickens. He then splashes a potion of wind charging and a potion of harming that sends Flame up into the sky. TOX1N's attempt at executing Flame has failed because Flame has wind charge clutched to negate his fall damage. He had pulled out a wind charge from his bundle hiding it from TOX1N.

Flame then kills TOX1N and frees his wolf Ashen.

Trivia

In a 
tweet
, Lettuce said this is his favorite recording he has done on Unstable.