"
Put that down; before you hurt yourself.
" — 
This article is missing a quote. Please help the 
Unstable Universe
 Wiki by 
adding
 one.

SOLO Player VS Minecraft's Deadliest Faction
 is the 75th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

The episode starts with FlameFrags giving a summary about 
ClownPierce
 and his achievements, and he enters what seems to be a guard supply room for the 
ClownPierce's
 Nether Faction’s guards. Flame meets two guards and he kills them effortlessly. Flame keeps roaming around the Nether and he eventually meets 
ParrotX2
. Parrot, wearing a shield that matches the Clown's guard force. Flame thinks that means Parrot joined Clown's Guards and chases him. Parrot pulls a trap that makes Flame pummel down a chute but Flame block-clutches and saves himself. Flame enderpearls out to catch Parrot running away to a tunnel. Parrot digs the roof dropping lava on Flame but Flame pearls past. Parrot jumps down a hole and breaks a block to make Flame drop down another hole but Flame block-clutches to  prevent himself from dying. Flame then chases Parrot as Parrot runs to 
Theo
. Theo splashes invisibilty on both of them but Flame manages to catch Parrot and pop his  totem. Parrot then bluffs saying he has a TNT minecart trap that would kill all three of them. Parrot says Flame to go back to his job of working for clown but Flame says he isn't working for clown but instead trying to kill him. Flame and Parrot decide to make an alliance as both of them had  the same objective.  

Together, all three of them make  their way to the 
Nether Civilization
 to assassinate Clown or 
FerreMC
. Flame goes to the nether festival and Theo pressures him to fight a player named "GeneralChungus". Flame kills GeneralChungus. Flame and Theo make their way to the central building where they jump Ferre. Although Clown and his guards eventually make their way up to save Theo, they were unsuccessful and Ferre is taken hostage. Parrot denies Flame his fight against Clown purposefully by taking Ferre to a remote bunker. Parrot drops Ferre some maps and other junk making it seemlike the maps were useless. Parrot then lets Ferre free. Flame, furious starts attacking Parrot for letting Ferre out. Parrot tracks the general direction of Ferre and decides to hold a stakeout to see any guards of Clown passing by.  

Flame pretends to go AFK and Parrot says he is just using Flame to get to Clown's nether vault. Flame hears them and runs away to Clown's castle with the goal to betray Parrot. Flame recruits Clown and gives him Parrot's location in exchange for information about 
Wemmbu
. Together the group, makes their way to Parrot and jumps Parrot and Theo. Parrot is able to run away but Theo is captured. Parrot jumps down attempting to make negotiations so Theo is spared but instead, Parrot is captured too. Clown says he knows nothing about 
Wemmbu
. Before Parrot is executed, he apologizes to Flame for using him and Flame accepts it and tells Clown that they'd have to get through him first, betraying Clown. This gives Parrot and Theo time to find the vault. Clown runs away to catch Parrot so his vault isn't ransacked leaving his army behind. Clown's army is eventually defeated and Flame comes out on top. Afterwards, Flame decides to go to 
Capital City
 to offer Parrot a deal to find 
Wemmbu
. Flame offers Parrot the tomb of 
The Invisible Mafia
. Parrot accepts his deal. 

Trivia

The video was originally titled "Minecraft Combat Master VS Minecraft's Deadliest Faction"