flame v law
— 
FlameFrags

SOLO Player VS Minecraft Bounty Hunters
 is the 52nd episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

Flame's
 best friend, 
Jaden_MAN
, has mysteriously disappeared off the server, and he goes around asking players if they know where Jaden went. One player in specific, 
LettuceK
, tells Flame that Jaden is not someone he should be looking for, which makes Flame suspicious, so he follows Lettuce with invisibility. Flame makes it to the base of Lettuce's team of bounty hunters, he questions what it meant by Jaden is captured, and Lettuce says he worked to get things done and have Jaden captured, and so Flame attacks them. Flame quickly pops some of their totems, but is then shot with weakness arrows and is drained of resources. Lettuce proposes that Flame not look for Jaden and that they stop fighting, and Flame agrees just to get them to stop. Flame goes and spies on 
The Law's
 meeting invisible to get any intel on where Jaden could be. The first meeting had nothing important, but a few hours later they held another and Flame overhears them talking about 
Leow0ok
 taking on a 1v5 and ended up beating The Law, they also mentioned holding an auction a few days from then, so Flame plans on attending it to get a lead on Jaden's location. 

Flame goes to the destroyed 
B.A.T. Headquarters
 to look for Leo. Leo thinks he's there to kill him, but Flame says he's there to learn Leo's PvP techniques, which costed Flame an IOU to learn Leo's strategies. Leo shows Flame to use a crossbow and flint and steel to explode the TNT minecarts instantly, and they begin practicing together. With crossbow carting understood, Flame heads to the auction and uses his newfound knowledge and wipes out a good amount of players. Lettuce wants to talk it out and knows Flame won't get the information out of killing him, and he says the reason why he can't tell Flame where Jaden was is because he couldn't let others go through what he had to, so Flame lets him go.

Flame has an idea goes back to the B.A.T. Headquarters and asks Leo for a favor, Leo doesn't want to work with Flame, but Flame gives him an offer of a stack of experience bottles and Leo accepts. He tells Leo to turn himself in to see where The Law takes him and hope that they take the bait. They make it to The Law's base and Leo turns himself in, they take him outside of the base and head towards an ender pearl cannon, where Leo stops pretending and starts to fight The Law. Leo breaks the scaffolding leading up to the cannon, Lettuce and his lawmen begin to stack up. Leo says he's done his job, so Flame gives him the other half of the stack of experience and tries to stop The Law from escaping, but was too late. Flame uses the cannon and is teleported to the Pirate Islands. Flame chases them from island to island, until they reach the last island, which had to have Jaden. Flame carts the lawmen and they're forced to run into the castle. They all jump down the hole that leads to the 
Abandoned Civilization
, Flame asks again where Jaden is, but Lettuce says he needs to stay locked up for the good of everyone. After killing one more lawmen, Lettuce and the remaining lawmen flee and says Flame wins this time. Flame looks around the civilization and finds Jaden inside of a house and gives Jaden food before he starved to death. Flame said he dealt with The Law for Jaden, but Jaden doesn't know who Flame is talking about. Flame asks who put Jaden down there then, and Jaden replies, "It was 
Wemmbu
."

Navigation