wemmbu v flame
— 
FlameFrags

SOLO Player VS Unstable SMP
 is the 64th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

FlameFrags
 is running out of resources, and if he wants to stay alive on Unstable, he's going to have to get rich fast. Flame gets a chance of doing so when he comes across a mysterious invisible player offers Flame riches if he completes their quests. The player instructs Flame to take bring back stolen potions from a dangerous player named MisterLegend101, and so Flame heads to 
Capital City
 in search for him. When he gets to Capital City, nobody is around and it appeared to have been destroyed. He spots a random person and asks where everyone is and they explain that 
Wemmbu
 came by earlier and was looking for Flame, but Flame doesn't care about that as of now and continues looking for MisterLegend101. He finds MisterLegend101 right after and presses him for the potions, but MisterLegend101 says he doesn't have any and will give it back in two weeks, Flame pops his totems until he gives them up. He heads back to the invisible player and hands over the shulker full of potions. His reward is an enchanted golden apple, the invisible player tells him he can receive more if Flame gets a Happy Ghast. However, the Nether is a dangerous dimension as it's guarded by ClownPierce and his army, so he has to go deep into the Nether. He stumbles across Nether scavengers that offer to help him traverse the Nether if he protects them. While exploring, the scavengers explain how they supply groups such as 
B.A.T.
 and 
The Law
. They get to a part of the Nether that has been unlooted and finds a dried Ghast.

Headed back to spawn, Flame meets back with the invisible player, the player says they appreciate Flame's work and gives Flame a beacon, Flame doesn't think the beacon isn't a powerful item and demands for better items. The invisible player asks if Flame wants to know who they are, and they reveal themselves to be 
Spoke
, a person who's manipulated many people in the past, and Flame knows to not trust him because of that. Flame attacks Spoke because he knows that Spoke was scamming him, Spoke drops a book and goes into an escape tunnel. Flame reads the book that tasks him to kill a group of bandits called the Skullhounds and that this could be his final moments on the server. Unsure of how to find them, Flame visits The Law's base to get any intel on them. The Law's base has also seem to be blown up, Flame asks 
LettuceK
 if he knows anything about the Skullhounds, Lettuce says that they're located about 15,000 blocks out from spawn. Flame thinks that Lettuce could be lying, but Lettuce says he has no reason to as of now, seeing the current state that he's in and that he's been trying to kill them himself, but if Flame wants to do it himself, The Law wouldn't interfere. Lettuce also tells Flame to talk to Wemmbu to stop blowing stuff up, but Flame doesn't care about that right now.

Flame is out in the wild and finds a random player and asks if they know the leader of the Skullhounds, they point Flame towards a direction, he finds griefed villages and lava casts, as well as player's loot that has yet to despawn, meaning that they were nearby. He finds the Skullhounds and confronts them, they tell him not to care about what they're doing if he's not apart of Law or B.A.T., two of the bandits stall them while the other builds a small railgun behind him, however Flame notices due to not being able to hear his game, so he quickly places blocks and covers himself to prevent himself from being shot to death. The bandits jump him and puts up a tough fight, almost breaking Flame's armor and resorting to diamond armor, but Flame manages to kill them all off in the end. He picks up their shields and the main bandit's chestplate with trims as proof that he completed the mission. Back at spawn, Spoke is seen high up in the air, trying to avoid being attacked again. He drops down and Flame gives him the shield and armor and asks for his rewards, Spoke says he deserves to be rewarded and that he's trying to build any type of alliance because of his mistakes in the past and is trying to make up for it. Spoke gives Flame a book that leads to a Mafia stash that would lead him to a lifetime full of stashes. Spoke explains how there's so much loot that nobody knows about and that Flame would be rich forever and that the only reason why he hasn't gone there himself is because he's afraid of the people near there, how he doesn't need the loot and Flame needs it more than him. He mentions how he had Flame go through trials to prove that he's ready for this final mission and says they should work closely more in the future.

Flame makes it to the Mafia stash built inside of the mountains of a Bandlands biome that appears to be blown up and looted, each area he goes to has rooms full of chests that are all empty. Flame finds some diamond armor and experience bottles, allowing him to mend his Netherite, he walks out of a dining area and outside onto the bridges that link to other parts of the stash, he's then greeted with Wemmbu standing right above where he just came out of. Wemmbu asks for a rematch, Flame thinks it's pointless since he's beaten Wemmbu every other time, but Wemmbu says he thinks he's the strongest now, Flame laughs at him and Wemmbu sends down a stab shot right at Flame. Flame is shocked and confused at the powers Wemmbu has, he manages to get a few hits in, but is unable to for the most part due to Wemmbu flying in and out. Wemmbu uses an orbital strike cannon as well, making Flame even more confused than before, Flame still has confidence that he can beat Wemmbu even with his TNT powers. The stab shots blow through the entire mountain and reveals an ancient city underneath, Flame grabs a hoe and breaks the sculk for experience in order to mend his armor. Wemmbu stab shots out and Flame chases him, and Wemmbu spams orbitals to try and kill Flame. An invisible person drops Flame more potions to help him out. Now out of totems, Flame starts to use turtle master potions to stay alive, the invisible player drops a couple more totems for Flame. Wemmbu drops another stab shot on Flame, popping a totem, but more importantly breaking Flame's chestplate, his most prized possession. Flame tries to regear with his shulkers, but Wemmbu blows them up before he has the chance to. Without any more totems this time, Flame drops all the way down to bedrock and digs a tunnel to hide. Wemmbu talks knowing Flame probably hears him, he says he doesn't want to kill Flame and wants him to know he'll never be the strongest ever again and flies off.

Flame goes back to spawn where Spoke said he would be, instead of finding Spoke, a sign is placed saying, "Thank you my friend" with a wither rose right in front of it. Flame is upset that he lost to Wemmbu and destroys everything inside of his ender chest and inventory. He says to himself that it's over for Wemmbu, implying he's going to get stronger and get revenge on Wemmbu.

Trivia

The title of the video was briefly changed to "Minecraft SOLO Player VS Hardcore SMP" before it was changed back to it's original title.

It has since then been changed to SOLO Player VS World's Largest Minecraft Server.