I'm currently surrounded by an army of toxic players. They destroyed my base, killed my wolves and tried to kill me and ban me from the Unstable SMP. I've spent weeks trying to stop these players and the only way to stop them is by finding the 
player
 leading them all but that's not going to happen if I die here.
— 
FlameFrags

SOLO Player VS Toxic Minecraft Civilization
 is the 48th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

FlameFrags
 is surrounded by a group of toxic players that demand him to drop all his items, instead of doing so, he wipes them all out. Flame goes to find a base and finds 
Lomedy's
 base to reside in for the time being. The toxic clan finds Flame before he could even devise a plan on how to find the leader of the clan, they're all wiped out once again. One of the bodies dropped a lodestone compass, which gave him a clue to find the leader. After regearing, Flame travels towards the location, which is a castle on an island in the middle of the ocean. The toxic clan sees him and try to intimidate him to leave when he says he's looking for their leader. The leader, VEN0M, appears out of nowhere with a mace and revealed that he was a diamond trim Mafia member like Flame was. Flame however doesn't think VEN0M is intimidating despite having a mace and being as skilled as he is, so he takes on the fight against all of them at once. The army dies and it's only Flame and VEN0M left, Flame switches to a different sword and begins to beat VEN0M, causing him to run and call it a stalemate. Flame knew going into the toxic civilization base would take more resources, so he mends his armor and heads back to Lomedy's base where Lomedy was being pressed by more toxic players, and Flame takes of all of them and spares one when they give him a map. Flame trains Lomedy in PvP so he doesn't make Flame look bad later on, he teaches Lomedy how to use cobwebs to slow players down and heads off to the location on the map afterwards.

The map shows a location of one of the toxic clan's vault, Flame forces Lomedy to come with him to the vault. The location is inside of one of the clan's bases and Flame jumps all the guards outside, once inside the clan's territory kills the guards there, and goes into the vaults and kills the guards there too. Flame and Lomedy loot the vault and get a lot of good gear, more guards come in and Flame uses the TNT minecarts and flame bow he just looted to get rid of them. Flame goes out of the vault and kills the rest of the toxic clan that resided inside of that base and escapes, going back to Lomedy's base to meet back up with him. Flame and Lomedy talk and Lomedy reveals that his old teammate was a Mafia member with a mace. Flame tells Lomedy to go a thousand blocks out and set up TNT dupers, while Flame was waiting for Lomedy to return, VEN0M and a group of the toxic players confront Flame about the missing loot in his vault. VEN0M makes fun of Flame about how he thinks he's the immortal demon and Flame tells him to show him that he's not, and they begin fighting. Flame uses slow falling arrows to prevent VEN0M from using his mace, Lomedy returns to his base and gives his former teammate's mace to Flame to help. Flame easily kills off the toxic clan, leaving VEN0M alone again, who runs away again. Flame asks Lomedy why he gave him the mace, and Lomedy says that he's been alone ever since his teammate died and it was nice to hang around with someone again and wants to follow Flame along in his journey, but Flame says he works better alone. 

Flame heads to the TNT dupers Lomedy built and activates it, and it slowly moves towards the clan's base. Flame pearls into the base and jumps the guards, the TNT dupers come in and blow up the base at the same time, which helps kill some of them off. All of the guards die, and it's only Flame and VEN0M for the third time, Flame is confident he can kill VEN0M that he takes off all his armor except his chestplate, and inevitably maces VEN0M to death still. Flame goes back to Lomedy and returns his maces and get 
Ashen
 back before heading off.