Spawn
 is the server spawn of 
Unstable SMP
. It is a key central hub where players begin their journeys and interact with the server's evolving dynamics. Known for its semi-neutral status, Spawn has become a focal point of activity and strategy. Spawn's history is divided into 5 moments currently, each being more or less deadly than the other.

Time/Arc

Danger level

About

Season 1

Safe

The OG spawn of the sever, it was mostly clean, with very little griefing or danger. The server had a small population back then.

The Invisible Mafia Arc

Deadly

The Mafia made an obsidian cage camping spawn to force new players into joining their evil empire. Refusing equaled death so no one dared refuse. People who joined the server were given jobs by The Mafia. Some never even got to see the surface of the server. Because of The Mafia's control there was no griefing.

Later, the Mafia built a full spawn prison.

Season 2

Deadly

Withers everywhere, extreme terrain. All of the obsidian used by The Mafia was turned into roads for players.

The Election Arc

Deadly

Even more withers present, slightly better terrain. Lawmen were ordered to kill new players at spawn. Lawmen also built a small fort at Spawn of cobblestone.

The Kingdoms Arc

Safe

As Parrot finishes up the newest spawn at the time, for his first king action, all dangers gone, a new castle city covers the spawn area. Food and instructions on how to survive well is given as well. During this time, the amount of people joining accelerated by "nearly a thousand percent." (11x pre-safe spawn). A major downside, though, was that people started starving after leaving spawn.

Post Civil War

Deadly

After the civil war, Cindercrest constructs an obsidian and lava spawntrap at spawn, closing it once again. Every player that spawns in into the server is killed.

History

Wemmbu
, 
SpokeIsHere
 and 
ParrotX2
 all built houses in spawn.

The 
Zam Empire
 started taking over the spawn area by building a small village and building a giant statue of 
PrinceZam
. 
Wemmbu
 and 
eggchan
 blew up the statue of PrinceZam.

Spawn was torn down by 
The Invisible Mafia
 to create a giant prison to force new players to join the Mafia. The prison was designed by 
_Kenadian_
. Parrot, Wemmbu, eggchan, 
Mapicc
, and Spoke broke into the prison to find where pearls are transported to destroy the Mafia.

Spawn was griefed by the players, leaving behind massive lavacasts, exploded terrain, and withers. There were obsidian highways leading players out of spawn, one leading to 
Capital City
.

The withers in spawn were killed by 
ParrotX2
 and 
TheobaldTheBird
. Soon later rebuilt by 
Horace_Altman
 and his team to help make spawn a safer place for new players by making a main castle where they would spawn in, including a village in the surrounding area. With a path leading to Capital City. As well as a player who would handout 16 pieces of cooked chicken to new players whenever they would go downstairs from the initial spawn room and they added 2 road, one in the front leading to 
Capitol City
 and one in the back leading to 
Fort Feather
.

After 
Cindercrest's
 victory in the civil war, they would make it their goal to kill all new players attempting to play on the server. Spawn would be riddled with traps (Though the castle itself stands) and any player trying to join the server would be immediately killed by guards.

Navigation