Overview
History
Relationships
Videos
Gear

Relationships

Mapicc

Spoke and Mapicc has been best friends since 
How I Stole 10,356,000 Duped Items
. Mapicc is as mischievous as Spoke but he is against Spoke's chaotic, manipulative and egocentric behavior. Despite their differences, they are extremely close. Mapicc is immensely loyal to Spoke, assisting Spoke in his plans even if he doesn't approve. Mapicc also acts as Spoke's emotional anchor, with Spoke panicking every time Mapicc is in danger. This is best shown as him going as far as to almost blowing up Capital City after Mapicc's mysterious disappearance. 

Mapicc went missing again in 
4 Minecraft Pros VS 2500 Players
, and Spoke dedicated his time and hired Jumper into finding Mapicc. Mapicc reappeared in 
Searching for 100 Players Who Went Missing
, where in the next video explains that he was captured by NULL. Mapicc, Spoke, and Jumper went on a mission to the Far Lands together to find the missing players.

At the end of 
Finding 1000 Players Who Went Missing
, Mapicc cut all ties with Spoke after learning of everything his friend lied about. Under 
Jamato
's orders, he was forced to kill Spoke. He broke 
Alt
 and later spared him, which caused both to be captured by 
Null Hunters
 and 
JamatoP
. Spoke fought him as a gladiator but failed to defeat him. He started to fight with 
ItsAli_
 for the chance to kill Spoke. Later, when Spoke exposed JamatoP, he seemed to gain a little hope, but still stayed silent, as Spoke had previously tried to challenge and kill him. 

The duo met again in the games event, where Mapicc initially wanted to kill Spoke but chose to be allies. Sometime later, Mapicc was forced to fight Spoke again, but went behind Jamato's back, gave Spoke resources, and helped him mace Jamato. This act fails and Spoke is separated from Mapicc once again. 

By the time of 
Unstable SMP: Purgatory
, Mapicc seems to trust Spoke again or, at the very least, has chosen to be on Spoke's side. They tried to build an army and recruited a reasonable amount of players. He vanishes sometime, and appears again where Jamato threatens to kill him as a leverage against Spoke. Mapicc is knocked into the void by Spoke.

JamatoP

JamatoP and Spoke is an extreme case of a broken friendship, having an antagonistic relation with each other and shaping Spoke's 
entire
 
arcs
. However that was not the case initially. JamatoP was Spoke's first friend on the server, experimenting with exploits and taught Spoke more through his vast knowledge. However, he grew dissatisfied with Spoke using it for his own good and left after believing Spoke was going too far with the exploits and trying to "play god". 

During Jamato's apparent disappearance, he kept an eye on Spoke and watched his every move. Witnessing his friend not change, Jamato blamed Spoke for the server's ruins. He took over 
NULL
's leadership in an attempt to neutralize Spoke, and used his own justification to reinforce his self-righteous belief; while also becoming more and more corrupt in the process.

The turning point of the duo's relationship was when Jamato took Mapicc away from Spoke. Spoke confronted Jamato in a lighthouse, and fails to kill him. Spoke went invisible under the Leow0ok identity to hunt down Zam and Mapicc, in an attempt to indirectly force them into staying away from Jamato. Spoke succeeded in his plan and manages to manipulate his friends into thinking Jamato was dead.

Jamato sent NULL Hunters to neutralize Spoke, with Spoke going into the Far Lands unknowningly playing into Jamato's plan. The duo met again in the Fabric alongside Mapicc and Jumper. Spoke and Jamato turbulent moments with each other during their adventures, and Spoke attempted to kill him again while pretending to be Null. After successfully separating Spoke from Mapicc, he forced Mapicc to kill Spoke and broke his 
iconic chestplate
 in the process. He then forced Spoke and his friends into Purgatory, where later acts backfired upon him as Spoke's rebellious intents outsmarted Jamato's plans. Eventually, Spoke got the upper hand and took over the NULL leadership after forcing Jamato to drop the Null totem.

Spoke and Jamato was willing to go their extremes to ruin each other, drastically shaping both of them in the process and scarring them for the rest of Unstable.

JumperWho

Spoke and Jumper were close friends that are allied with each other multiple times. In Season 1, Jumper worked for Spoke in 
It's Impossible to Catch this Player
 supposedly for duped items, where she later is temporarily chunk banned.

In season 2, Jumper worked with Leo to hunt down Spoke and expose his crimes. Jumper betrayed Leo when he began abusing her spies for unspecialized situations and instead proposed a team up with Spoke. Spoke initially refuses to do this as she tried to kill him multiple times, but later teams with her and they take down B.A.T. and LAW. She believes that Spoke did not commit his former crimes and works in coordination with him to kill Leo. 

In season 3, Spoke hires Jumper in search for Mapicc. She protects Spoke from 
the bounty hunters
 that are pursuing him and works on helping Spoke figure out what happened to Mapicc and later the missing players. She becomes a close ally as she saves Spoke multiple times and helps him overcome the bounty hunters. She is eventually captured by the hunters and put in prison. She initially does not trust Spoke at all as Spoke gave her hope then destroyed it, but later when Spoke exposed JamatoP, she seemed to gain a little hope but still wants Spoke to stick to his promise. 

She smuggled a Null mace which Spoke uses before being captured again.

She met Spoke later in the second games event and helped Spoke gather an army. A while later, she undermines Spoke's vague plan to overthrow Jamato by letting his supposed army escape into the bedrock wastelands surrounding the Purgatory arena, leaving him on the decision that Spoke is insane, before disappearing as they get further away. 

Wemmbu

Spoke and Wemmbu are enemies throughout the beginning of season 1 where they continuously attempt to kill each other until Spoke is temporarily chunk banned.

Spoke repairs relations with Wemmbu in 
The Invisible Mafia Arc
 and later works with him to destroy the Mafia.

Spoke lures Wemmbu and 
FlameFrags
 into a Mafia stash and since they're enemies they start fighting. Spoke orchastrated this and takes some items from Flame as proof of his demise.

Spoke broke Wemmbu out of prison and in return Wemmbu owed him a favor. Spoke cashed in the favor to assassinate Leo but the attempt fail. Spoke demands another favor.

Spoke later gathers an army which includes Wemmbu to take down the Law. This succeeds.

FlameFrags

Spoke and Flame were enemies since 
The PrinceZam Empire Arc
 as he attempts to destroy the empire Flame was a part of. Flame then joins the Mafia which Spoke successfully destroys.

Spoke later leads an army to try and kill Flame which fails.

Spoke disguises himself as an invisible player and gives Flame quests in return for goods to trick Flame into doing his bidding. Spoke eventually lures 
Wemmbu
 and Flame into a Mafia stash to start a battle between the two enemies. Spoke fakes the death of Flame when neither die and steals some of his stuff to convince Leo of this.

Spoke later gathers an army that includes Flame to take down the Law. This succeeds.

ParrotX2

They had a bad relationship in 
The PrinceZam Empire Arc
, after Spoke made a very long scavenger hunt for some "secret". Which ended up with Wifies getting chunk-banned just for Parrot to know the "secret". Spoke reveals that there was no secret, just revenge, and says he's an idiot. 

Later on, they work together to take down Mafia which mends their relationship. 

Spoke infiltrates a void base unknowningly that it is owned by BAT. Spoke heard "The Director" name mentioned multiple times and decided it as his identity as a joke. He managed to trick Parrot and the rest of BAT that the Director was hiding in their base. After being caught, he was interrogated and asked if Spoke had ties with the Director, where he simply proclaims himself as the Director. Spoke trolls them multiple times before running away, and also slightly worsening Spoke and Parrot's relationship after the encounter. 

When Spoke lost 
Mapicc
, he threatened to blow up 
Capitol City
 and had the entire city rigged with TNT while everyone was absent. Parrot confronts Spoke on top of a building, questioning his actions; but Spoke vents to him about how he doesn't have Mapicc and his home anymore. Parrot understood how he felt as he lost his 
best
 
friends
 too. Parrot manages to get Spoke to come back to his senses while also getting their relations back on good terms.

Spoke and Parrot worked together to 
gather forces
, being the ones to deliver a speech at District 13; and most importantly, he was advocating for Parrot to become the king. They manage to defeat the Law in the final showdown.

When Spoke was being continously hunted by Null, he arrived in the Northern Council and meets Parrot, asking for his assistance. He mentions the missing players multiple times, and crashes out at Parrot for neglecting the situation. He later accepts Parrot's offer which included some guards and resources.

LettuceK

Spoke barely knew LettuceK existed before the LAW took over, as he is far more concerned about Leo more than Lettuce. however when LettuceK surrenders, he views him with contempt and votes for him to be executed. This shows that Spoke would not be the one to give mercy to his opponents, even though he did not fight LettuceK directly like the others and instead fought Leow0ok.

Ashswagg

Early in the series, Ashswagg manipulated Spoke into destroying several farms and resources. This act was designed to turn the server against Spoke and distance him from his ally, Mapicc. Ash also attempted to pressure Spoke into revealing server exploits. During Season 1, Spoke infiltrated into Ashswagg's Invisible Mafia. His codename was Fish Bucket. Ashswagg metioned that him and Fish Bucket were relatable, which is something Spoke had trouble disagreeing with.

Spoke later spares Ash's life after destroying The Mafia and cornering him. Ashswagg says that Spoke will turn out to be 
just like him and make a Mafia of his own
. Spoke dismisses his words, unknown to him that it would be Spoke's reality. 

In season 2, Spoke raids Ashswagg and 
TheRealSquiddo
's base, 
Point Nemo
. During the 100 days, Spoke made their lives as miserable as possible. Ashswagg lets Spoke leave and wishes him luck finding the next treasure, while mentioning that Spoke will never find himself and never be truly happy again.

Leow0ok

During Season 1, Leo and Spoke were allies especially when Spoke infiltrated the Invisible Mafia. Spoke saw Leow0ok as an ally, but sometimes there was tension between the two of them.

Spoke met Leow0ok in Season 2 firstly during the Director Arc, but their notable interaction was when he helped Spoke who was running away from his own army. Leow0ok invited Spoke into BAT and became an ally; but when word came out about Spoke's crimes, Leo turned on Spoke and both hated each other more than any other player on the entire server. To the extent of not being content with simply just killing him, he also wanted to humiliate Leo for attempting to kill him for his crimes. Spoke even pretends to be Leo as a way to convince his friends when they were in the Far Lands base.

Spoke got ahold Leow0ok's ender pearl and could have used it to kill him at any time, but chose to make it so the last person Leo ever would see would be him by making a stasis to trigger both of them at the same time. His last act of revenge against Leow0ok was to look at him one more time as Leow0ok fell into the void. After Leo dies falling into the void, Spoke repeatedly looks at the void hole, making sure Leo was dead before going into a nether portal.

PrinceZam

During Season 1, Zam's main goal was to capture Spoke. They held a grudge against each other until Spoke freed Zam from the Law prison in Season 2.

Spoke used Zam and held him close for his future plans and they both held a neutral relationship, bounded by obligation.

PlanetLord

He raided Planet's dupe stash, but they became good friends. Spoke hunted PlanetLord when he infiltrated the Mafia but let him go. PlanetLord vanished after the Mafia. They reunited in the 
Far Lands
. PlanetLord was then captured by 
Null Hunters
.

DylPickleYT

Spoke and DylPickle met in 
The Far Lands
 when Spoke got captured by one of DylPickle's civilization members. DylPickle got captured by 
Null Hunters
. Spoke and DylPickle find each other during the hunger games. DylPickle teamed with Spoke until he had to betray him.