They will rue the day they put a pumpkin on my head!
— Th3Blurpinstein to 
2500 Players VS Minecraft Combat Master

Th3Blurpinstein is a minor comic relief character in 
Unstable Universe
.  He was prisoned by the 
Law
 along with alongside 
Fantst
, 
PrinceZam
, 
Baablu
, and others for mass murder and other criminal acts to the server, which are not explicitly stated but hinted by 
LettuceK
 to be worse than anyone else's in the Law's prison.  He uses a low quality voice changer and has a permanent Curse of Binding pumpkin on his head.

Personality

Th3Blurpinstein usually acts as annoying, childish, and bratty. He is known for a recurring gag of being more dangerous as he seems, being put in solitary for long periods of time and given higher punishment than the rest of the prisoners, as well as him not telling what crimes he committed. He is usually the center of many jokes in the plot, as a comic relief character. 

History

Th3Blurpinstein is seen as a prisoner in the 
Law
's prison with the rest of the prisoners, and attempts to make friends with 
Wemmbu
, who brushes him off. 

When Wemmbu, PrinceZam, and Baablu plot to escape in the cafeteria, Th3Blurpinstein tries to snitch on them. PrinceZam starts an argument with Th3Blurpinstein and creates a distraction, allowing for them to escape. 

After Wemmbu's escape attempt, LettuceK implements a policy that every prisoners must wear Curse of Binding armor. Th3Blurpinstein steps on the pressure plate, and a curse of binding pumpkin is placed on his head.

LettuceK refuses to divulge Th3Blurpinstein's crimes, however, Th3Blurpinstein states that he has killed a large amount of people and that his lore is "really violent".

Th3Blurpinstein is then put into solitary confinement.

Later, when he's released, Th3Blurpinstein asks for help escaping the prison when Wemmbu and others are escaping. A Law guard frees him. He asks 
Lomedy
 to join them in the escape, but he refuses. PrinceZam (whom Blurpenstein had previously threatened and argued with) is seen later seen chasing him down, attempting to kill him. 

Th3Blurpinstein is seen again in the prison, recaptured. He is in solitary confinement talking to 
Parrot
, and distracts the guard when Parrot attempts to escape. This time he is seen, he acts more mature and says that he is now regretful of his crimes. 

Later, when 
Spoke
 breaks into the prison with the goal to find Parrot, Th3Blurpinstein is seen talking to them, and PrinceZam is now seen being friendly to him. He eventually escapes the prison during their fight. 

Th3Blurpinstein is later seen as a prisoner in the 
Spider Web Faction
. 

Trivia

Blurpinstein is theorized to be a secret former diamond Mafia player and is acting dumb on purpose. This makes sense considering the existence of 
Quackenstein123
 who has a similar name and was a diamond Mafia player.

Blurpinstein swore his allegiance to Spoke, but it is unclear if this was serious or not.

Blurpinstein made friends with Lomedy inside the Law's prison.