Before the Unstable SMP was filled with tens of thousands of players, three friends built a hidden city to hide their fortune. They called it Verdaria. Since then, both the city and the treasure have been lost to time... waiting for someone to finally find them. This is The Search for Minecraft's Lost Kingdom.
— 
ParrotX2

The Search for Minecraft's Lost Kingdom
 is the 67th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
,

Plot

In the early days of the Unstable SMP, three people named 
Myra
, 
Luma
, and 
Verda
 built a city called Verdaria as a safehaven for them and their treasures. Word was spread quickly about the existence of Verdaria, allowing players to find it. Scared that their treasures would fall into the wrong hands, the three created a scavenger hunt that led to Verdaria's location before they all disappeared. Throughout the years, players have tried to look for this place, but none have succeeded. 
Parrot
 thinks that this place is made up, until 
DragonMC
 gave him a book that had coords in them and was signed by Verda herself. Dragon says he tried to look for the next clue himself, but to no avail, believing that Parrot would be able to find the location himself. 
Theo
, still skeptical, decides to join Parrot in his adventure. Parrot and Theo start to gather resources for their journey, leaving off with Sky, their happy Ghast. 

As they approached the coordinates, they find a crater, presumably made by the hundreds of players looking for the next clue. They look inside of the hole to find nothing, even as far as going beneath the bedrock into the void looking for the next clue. Parrot tells Theo the clue hasn't been found because nobody has looked in the right places. They start to fly up thousands of blocks in the air, hoping the next clue would be there. To Parrot's surprise, there is a shulker box floating up in the air. Theo flies to the shulker box, revealing that it was nametagged with another set of coords. The two set sail again to the next set of coords, until suddenly they were ambushed by 
Boosfer
 and his goons. Boosfer confronts Parrot, and Parrot pretends to just be exploring. Boosfer reveals that he knows about Verdaria too and wants to know where the next location is. Boosfer starts to get aggressive, threatening Parrot to tell him where he's going next. Parrot runs, until he's at a cliff, Boosfer and his goons catch up to him, Parrot, with no other choice, stalls out Boosfer by telling him where he's headed. Theo flies by with a pig with a saddle attached and Parrot gets on the pig, allowing them to escape.

Now that Boosfer and his group of bandits aren't on their tail, Parrot and Theo decide to continue their journey up on the Nether roof. Once they reached the next set of coordinates, they stumble across a waterfall up on a mountain. It reveals to be a lush cave, which doesn't naturally spawn in Plains. This proved that it was manmade, and so they explore around a bit. Theo accidentally sets off a trap, but neither of them got hurt. They then find a mural of Verdaria, as well as a fox trapped inside of a cage with the next clue in its mouth. Parrot assumes that the cage is trapped with TNT, so breaking the cage isn't an option. He covers up the floor with wool to prevent the sculk sensors from activating beneath them, he then places a dispenser facing the fox and places a steak in it and activates it, since food overrides any item that the fox holds in its mouth. Reading into the next hint, the next coordinates were  written using the pigpen cypher. It was also revealed that 
ClownPierce
 was the one of the players that tried to look for this location. As soon as Parrot and Theo leave the cave, Boosfer and his gang appears again, demanding the second book. Boosfer says the only way he would be able to get the book was to kill Parrot, and so a fight breaks out. Parrot quickly crafts a crossbow and rockets, allowing him to do massive amounts of damage to the bandits. Parrot and Theo run from Boosfer, going back through the Nether portal, Parrot's plan was to go through as Boosfer went through the portal.

The two successfully escaped once again, letting their journey continue on. After an hour, they made it to their next stop, which was a ravine that used to be a mining town that has since been abandoned. The two start looking for clues, but to no avail. With no other leads, they start exploring the ravine, stumbling upon a player named 
jagle
. Parrot gives the book to jagle, and jagle says he has no idea of what Verdaria may be. Parrot and Theo decide to stay in the ravine, hoping to find clues inside of the ravine. They build a temporary base, over the course of the next week they scour the ravine for anything. Parrot finally asks jagle what happened to this place, and so jagle explains that five years ago the ravine used to be a mining town, until one day, the three people who built Verdaria showed up asking him to hide something for them. Soon, ClownPierce came searching for answers, and jagle hid it from him. This caused Clown to kill everyone, leaving jagle, which caused him to hide the next clue from anybody else. Even jagle has never been to Verdaria, but he's heard what it holds, and that gives Parrot and Theo newfound hope to keep going. Hearing that Parrot wants to help out the server, jagle gives the next clue to Parrot. As soon as they were about to head off, Boosfer and his gang ambushes Parrot and Theo once again. Running low on resources, the two surrender and promise to give Boosfer the clue. Boosfer holds Parrot hostage, making him and Theo come with him to solve it.

The next set of coordinates lead to a jungle, they walk down a path, at the end of the path there's a book that has the last task inside of it. Boosfer reads it first, but he isn't smart enough to decipher it, so he lets Parrot read it. The last sentence of the book says, "I'm sorry. The final clue dies with me." Parrot quickly realizes this could be a trap, even mentioning the fact that the book was placed on top of a build of ClownPierce's head. The final clue didn't exist, which meant the search was all for nothing. They explore the jungle a little more before stumbling across a crater. The crater is filled with craters, but just barely out of sight is a staircase hidden inside. Going down reveals to be a huge obsidian box with pillars and an execution chamber inside of it. Boosfer and his bandits leave because there was no trace. Theo tells Parrot that this was a big waste of time too, but Parrot digs around, saying that the secret died with Verda. Parrot picks up the lava from the execution chamber, revealing a compass that lead to the location of Verdaria. This meant that ClownPierce tried to get the location through brute force, after it failed, he resorted to threatening Verda to telling him where it was. Verda didn't budge, causing her to sacrifice herself to protect the location, and to plant the compass.

Once obtaining the compass, they head to the city that was once rumored to be lost. After multiple Minecraft days pass, the compass finally turned. They start to head down, and it is revealed to actually be Verdaria, which has been untouched for years. They start to look through chests, only to have junk inside of them. They find a hidden path with more chests, with them being empty as well. Inside of the small room was a small sculpture, which happened to be in the small lush cave they saw earlier. Parrot breaks the painting that was on the sculpture, revealing a lever hidden inside of it. Once flipped, a secret entrance was opened, leading to another dropdown. Parrot and Theo gets filled with excitement as they see the treasure. There are hundreds of blocks of ore, dozens of diamond and netherite armor sets, and every enchantment book possible. The two fill up boat chests with the loot, tying them to Sky, and starts to fly back home. Theo asks Parrot, "You think the founders would be happy with us finding it?" Parrot replies, "I hope so."

Trivia

The locations of Myra and Luma are unknown so there is a chance they haven't died yet

Wifies has confirmed himself that he plays one of Boosfer's bandits in this video.