The Wonders
 were five builds used to store glitched items and features. The builds were originally created by the Master Builders, and used by 
Spokeishere
 and 
JamatoP
 to store glitched features. Each wonder has a guard, who is not allowed to check inside of any wonders. 

Contents

1
 
List of The Wonders

1.1
 
The Gardens of Babylon:

1.2
 
The Frosted Palace:

1.3
 
The Crone:

1.4
 
The Marshland Mansion:

1.5
 
The Pyramid of Anubis:

2
 
History

3
 
Navigation

List of The Wonders

The Gardens of Babylon:

This massive temple is most likely based off of the Hanging Gardens of Babylon, an ancient structure destroyed by earthquake. This Wonder, placed in a savanna biome, with its gardens full of lush acacia trees and yellow flowers, was the first to be blown up by an orbital cannon. 

The Frosted Palace:

The Frosted Palace is a huge ice castle built on a snowy hill surrounded by ice. This gargantuan build is filled with extraordinary details, scattered with large stone rocks, giant trees, and ice spikes. This wonder was the last to be destroyed, attempted to be saved by 
ParrotX2
, but was blown up nonetheless.

The Crone:

The Crone is a massive stone statue standing on a plain completely surrounded by river. The cloaked woman holds a staff in her right hand and an unknown object in her left. This Wonder was the second to be blown up.

The Marshland Mansion:

The Mansion is located in a swamp biome. This large overgrown manor, filled with trees, uses froglights to light up its mud and copper walls. The Marshland Mansion was the fourth Wonder to be destroyed.

The Pyramid of Anubis:

The Pyramid of Anubis is an ancient Egyptian-styled pyramid dotted with hieroglyphics and contains a gold cap. Each side of the pyramid holds two large  statues of Anubis, the Egyptian god of funerary and care of the dead. This Wonder was the third one to be destroyed.

History

Spoke pays 
Squiddo
 to have the Master Builders build them. His plan is to make them so beautiful that no one wants to destroy or mine into it. Spoke and Jamato create the first glitched features in the wonders. The builders do not know that Spoke and Jamato are creating these in the wonders.

Spoke hires 
Jumper
, 
Roshambogames
, 
Fantst
, 
Derapchu
, and 
Wemmbu
 to guard the wonders.

Wemmbu discovers what is inside The Wonders and started to attack Spoke.

Spoke destroys all of the wonders, despite Parrot trying to stop them from being destroyed.

Navigation