Overview
Members

The Invisible Mafia
 was one of the main antagonistic factions in 
Unstable Universe
. It was a large and powerful authoritarian group led and owned by 
Ashswagg
. 

Structure

Leadership

The Mafia Leader, Ashswagg, commanded all the players in the faction. He initiated hits and dictated where members would go. He was visible, talks, and didn't wear armor. It was said that if he did die, the stasis chamber of everyone in the mafia would activate, killing them in the void. According to 
MinuteTech
, the Mafia used to have a different leader who was less cruel. 

Hierarchy

The Mafia’s hierarchy was based around the color of  armor trims. The highest ranking members had diamond trims, and were tasked with the most important jobs. The better the material that the trim is made of, the higher ranking the member was, with no trim being the lowest tier. However, there are exceptions, like the redstone and netherite trim. (redstone is 
FerreMC
, Ash's right hand man, and netherite is 
ClownPierce
, Ash's collaborator). For 
Marlowww
, the guard of the Mafia Tomb, we don't know if her quartz trim was chosen by Ash or she retrimmed herself.

The majority of the Mafia were new players who don’t know much about the server. It was later revealed that after killing a player, unranked players were given the choice to either "leave" the Mafia or to rank up to Copper. If a player chose to leave, their stasis would be pulled and they would be killed in the void. 

When a player killed another player, their name appeared in the chat, revealing their identity. It was one of the only times when their identity was allowed to be shared. When a mafia member killed another player, they could rank up, and become anonymous again, unless they were a diamond trim mafia player.

Rankings and Armor Trims

Full Article: 
The Invisible Mafia Members

Each member of the mafia wore a netherite chestplate. Depending on the rank of the soldier, the chestplate was trimmed with the eye-armor trim, where the material of the trim decides the rank of the player.

For an Iron player, a Copper player, or an untrimmed player to rank up, they needed to successfully complete 3 tasks/missions which were given by Gold trimmed mafia members.

For a Gold trim to rank up to a Diamond trim and get the mace, they needed to schedule a duel and beat a Diamond trim in a 1v1 to the death, overseen by Ashswag. If the gold trim succeeded in killing the diamond, both their usernames would show in chat, and the gold player’s ender pearl in the stasis would be moved into the separate and unique stasis chamber away from the other players, replacing the dead former diamond trim. This means that the amount of diamond trims would never increase, and that the gold trim needed to actually be a part of the mafia. 

All diamond trimmed mafia members had a mace, except for 
FlameFrags
, who disliked maces.

Diamond trim players were usually the players who lead attacks to destroy civilizations on the server, and were often accompanied by gold trim players.

Special trims like netherite and redstone trims were chosen by Ash, as the only netherite trim we've seen has been 
ClownPierce
, and the only Redstone trim has been 
FerreMC
. We don't know if 
Marlowww
's quartz trim has been her own choice or Ash's choice, as 
Flame
 was shown to retrim to redstone.

The copper player are the second lowest ranking members in the 
mafia
 (the others being trimless, 
Iron
, 
Gold
 and 
Diamond
) they don't have a lot of resources to help them in battle. They each have full netherite gear with a copper eye trim on their chestplates though. The players 
R4trick
 and 
Finiahn
 left 
District 13
 to go into the 
Mafia
 as copper players. To become a copper player, you have to kill a player who is not in the 
Mafia
. The 
Mafia
 was created by 
Ashwagg
 and if a player doesn't do what 
Ashwagg
 tells them to do, they get killed. 

The Iron Mafia Players are the third lowest tier of 
The Mafia
 besides 
Copper
 and trimless(The two above being 
Gold
 and 
Diamond
). To become a Iron Mafia Player, you must complete missions that you got from the 
"Higher Ups"
. Each Iron Mafia Player had full netherite armor with a Iron eye trim on their chestplates. Each member of The Iron Players got some windcharges and colored firework rockets so people can tell their part of the 
Mafia
. 

On the Unstable SMP, Diamond Ranked 
Mafia
 Members are the highest rank in the Invisible Mafia, all of them, excluding 
FlameFrags
, had a 
Mace
. To become a Diamond Ranked Mafia Members, you have to kill another Diamond Rank, implemented so 
Ashswagg
 wouldn’t have to try and get new Maces. 

Ranking

The Mafia Leader

Redstone

Netherite

Diamond

Gold

Iron

Copper

Untrimmed

Practices

Each active member was made to throw a ender pearl into a tunnel of bubble columns leading to a heavily guarded large stasis chamber by trusted diamond players only. Their stasis was set in a stasis chamber, and if the stasis chamber was mined under so that once the stasis was pulled (activated), the player fell into the void, died, and got banned off of the server. This meant that if a mafia member was seen visible by other mafia members or by allies of the mafia and reported, they would teleport into the void and be killed. For this reason, mafia members did not carry any totems of undying, because if it popped, their invisibility would be removed and they would get killed anyways. This method of control was how the Mafia took over the server. It was later revealed that Ashswagg still had the enderpearl's of all former members in The Mafia Tomb. If any resources were taken from The Tomb, all former members of The Invisible Mafia would be killed meaning that The Mafia still technically exists.

Fireworks were used to signal the Mafia to or from an area/player. White fireworks called the Mafia away, black fireworks signaled the Mafia to an area to kill a player, and red fireworks signaled the start of a mission.

If Ashswagg died all members of the Invisible Mafia would be teleported to their stasis chambers and would be killed in the void with him. This prevented any attempts to end the mafia by killing Ashswagg.

History

Season 1

Spoke
 and 
Mapicc
 go to a raid farm as they plan to stop all farms from working to get rid of lag, and see three invisible players. They almost die to the invisible players, but 
Ashswagg
 comes and tells the invisible players to leave, and they oblige. Ashswagg says he doesn’t know the players.

Spoke and Mapicc go to 
TheRealSquiddo
’s house. Under the floor, they find a bunch of books with coordinates. Ashswagg finds Spoke and Mapicc and says that he wants to team with them.

Jepexx
 is seen at his villager trading hall. Spoke and Mapicc splash the villagers invisible and pretend they are dead. Jepexx also shows them their panda farm, but then a group of invisible players come and try to kill Jepexx. They yell out for Ashswagg to stop, and all the invisible players run away. Ashswagg says that he was just trying to help them.

Spoke and Mapicc break a couple more farms. They find that Ashswagg completely obliterated the coordinates to farms that they gave to him.

They go to the next farm and find two invisible players destroying it with TNT. He pops one of their totems and it reveals they are USmellLikeUpdog. Ash teleports USmellLikeUpdog into the void, banning him because he stated ashswagg was the leader. Mapicc leaves because he doesn’t trust ashswagg. Spoke meets ashswagg at the next farm.

He gives Ashswagg the rest of the coordinates to the farms. Ashswagg uses a fishing rod to teleport away.

Spoke and Mapicc go to the next farm, which is a flower farm. They see 
Roshambogames
 and 
PlanetLord
 there, and not long after, TNT destroys the entire farm. Mapicc says he saw invisible people leaving, implying this was Ashswagg undoing. They go to the other farms and realised Ashswagg destroyed all of them, too. They go to the last farm, which is an EOL farm. They make it there before Ashswagg destroys it, so Mapicc leaves so Spoke can talk to the former. 

Ashswagg tells him that, since Spoke was the one at every farm, everyone will think he destroyed them. Ashswagg tries to convince him to give him exploits he knows about, but Spoke says no. They find a lot of invisible players who try to kill them. Spoke and Mapicc are able to escape. A player finds them in the nether named 
MinuteTech
. MinuteTech saves them and reveals he was once part of the Mafia.

Spoke and Mapicc follow him back to his base. They show MinuteTech their base at spawn. They get attacked underground by the Mafia. MinuteTech kills one of the Mafia members using a mace. They manage to escape.

Spoke and Mapicc find PlanetLord at Jepexx’s old villager trading hall. The Mafia comes over and tries to kill them. They trap the Mafia players using a sand trap, though none of them die. They are able to escape.

Spoke and Mapicc try to prove to ManePear that there are invisible players attacking them, but ManePear decides to try and kill Spoke and Mapicc. They are able to escape. The Mafia starts attacking them. They are able to escape again.

The Mafia tries to kill Spoke and Mapicc. Spoke is able to escape, but Mapicc is captured. PlanetLord introduces 
Baconnwaffles0
 and 
TheRealSquiddo
 to MinuteTech. A Mafia member named 
BobDaGreenFrog
 tries to kill them, and baconnwaffles0 runs away. MinuteTech kills them. The Mafia starts trying to kill them. They mysteriously give MinuteTech a book, to which MinuteTech replies "no". The Mafia continues attacking them. Spoke is able to escape, though he almost dies.

TheRealSquiddo shows the team some coordinates that she was given that could be the coordinates to a Mafia outpost. She also states that everybody in the master builders group has disappeared. She also states she was commissioned to do a build by an anonymous player.

The team goes over to the outpost and find a lot of invisible players. MinuteTech messages the team to run away after being handed a book.

Spoke and PlanetLord try to dupe, but realize that it doesn’t work anymore. Ashswagg comes in and reveals that all the glitches and exploits were patched, and that Jamato told him so. Ashswagg reveals that MinuteTech was working for him, and orders him to kill Spoke and PlanetLord. Spoke and PlanetLord escape.

Spoke and PlanetLord go under one of 
the Wonders
 where they put weaponless mobs. They find that the mobs are named coordinates. They find a replica of Jamato’s base made out of wood at the coordinates, and all of the glitched features have been removed. He finds a book stating that if anyone is reading it, he is captured or dead. It states he exiled himself, that he has been hunted by the Mafia, that he was captured in an outpost, and that an item can fix everything. They find a compass that is named "The Mafia".

Following the compass, they find a Mafia outpost. They find Mafia members in a room. They go above the players and drop dripstone on them, killing one of the players and using the totem of undying of another player named 
Leow0ok
. The outpost starts exploding to TNT. Leow0ok agrees to team with them. They follow a member of the Mafia to Mafia City, where there are different tiers of Mafia members. They find Mapicc in a prison and break him out.

The End Civilization
 is taken over by the Mafia.

Ashswagg tries to force Parrot to join the Mafia in 
Capital City
, but Parrot escapes using a stasis chamber. The Mafia starts trying to kill them.

Spoke and his team is now tasked with getting diamonds. Ashswagg promotes them to gold tier. They go over to Baconnwaffles for a mission. Baconnwaffles says they are betraying the Mafia, so they destroy his base. They go over to Reddoons at capital city and trade.

Spoke and his team is given the task of getting an elytra. They are able to find nine elytra in the Zam empire. Wemmbu finds a Mafia member and starts killing them, but realizes it is eggchan. They are promoted to iron after giving ashswagg the elytra. They are then tasked with building redstone machines. They sabotage the other opponents and win.

Spoke and his team are tasked with killing Parrot but fail.

They are tasked with killing PlanetLord, but they do not kill him. Ashswagg talks to them. He orders ClownPierce to kill the members until whoever let PlanetLord go steps up. Spoke steps up and says he did it. They are dismissed.

Spoke is personally tasked by Ash with killing 
IMajesticRose
 to show that he is not a coward. He obliges and kills her with dripstone. Ashswagg tells Spoke that to become a diamond player, he will have to fight a diamond player that ashswagg assigns to him.

Spoke and the team come up with a plan to kill ashswagg. He fights a diamond player to become diamond. Spoke’s totem of undying is used, revealing to ashswagg that he is Spoke. They try to kill ashswagg but he escapes by using a stasis chamber. The diamond player reveals he is MinuteTech.

Parrot goes on a mission with the warriors to kill a diamond tier player in Mafia city. They retreat from the fight.

The 
Far Lands
 discovers that there are Mafia players near the farlands. They find a gold tier player in the nether who is able to escape. They intercept the gold tier player when he is giving his message to ashswagg. They pretend to be diamond tier players, and then kill him with a fall trap.

Parrot sees the mafia sending a bunch of TNT bomber planes heading towards spawn. He uses the totem of undying of one of the Mafia members, revealing it is Deanthebean9. Deanthebean9 is teleported into the void and dies.

The Mafia destroys the 
Far Lands
. 
Horace Altman
 and the five other players who are still alive create a new civilization against the Mafia named 
District 13

The Mafia destroys 
Skyblock Civilization
.

Spoke goes over to the Square Civilization to warn 
Cash
 that the Mafia is going to break into their civilization and destroy it. Cash doesn’t listen and everyone in the civilization dies. Spoke warns the 
Sleepy Nation
 that the Mafia is going to try to kill them. They take back their items that were stolen from the Mafia. The leaders of sleepy nation reveal that they are part of the Mafia.

Spoke and Mapicc go over to TheRealSquiddo to try and find the coordinates of "The Withered". The Mafia destroys her castle. 

The Mafia begins tearing down spawn to construct a prison to force people to join the Mafia. Spoke and Mapicc go to spawn where they see Parrot and Wifies. They agree to team up to try and end the Mafia. They show Parrot and Wifies the area where they killed iMajesticRose. They find a diamond tier Mafia player and follow them. They find a village where there is a player in iron armor named 
Quackenstein123
 who claims to be the father of iMajesticRose.

Spoke and Mapicc go to the end to get obsidian. They are able to escape the Mafia who are trying to kill them in the end. They go back to 
Quackenstein123
's base and find a secret staircase underneath it. They find a stash of loot, including the diamond tier player's armor, and a mace, proving that they are the diamond tier player. The player comes into the vault. 
Quackenstein123
 gives them a book which are coordinates to where all the stasis chambers are stored. He shows Parrot this book, and Parrot invites him to District 13.

Spoke and Mapicc check the coordinates and find a chest containing a book called "THE GATEWAY" which appears to contain directions to something. They show the members of District 13 the book. The members are disappointed so Spoke and Mapicc leave.

Parrot and 
Wifies
 build a house in a snowy biome. Ashswagg finds them and tries to force them to join the mafia. He gives them 10 minutes to decide. Wifies joins the mafia for Parrot.

Spoke, Parrot, and Mapicc break into a spawn prison. This is where they get new members. Their plan is to follow wherever pearls are thrown all the way to the main stasis chamber area. They find an area where guards transport the pearls. They find a pearl cannon and use it to get teleported millions of blocks out, where they find a man-made mountain. Inside of the mountain is where every stasis chamber is stored. The place is heavily guarded by diamond players.

Spoke tells Parrot about how he found all of the Mafia’s stasis chambers.

Ashswagg "kills" Wifies in front of Parrot by dropping him into the void, but it is later revealed that Wifies faked his death.

Spoke and Mapicc go to the void and start destroying every stasis chamber while 
Wemmbu
 and his team distracts 
ClownPierce
 and Ferre by fighting him. The diamond tier players try to kill Spoke in the void, but using chorus fruit, Spoke is able to escape and traps the two diamond players in the void. Both of them die when they run out of fireworks. The Mafia's statis chambers are destroyed. Parrot sends one last beacon signal to the resistance cells and all Mafia members begin drinking milk, ending the mafia.

Season 2

Rejoicin says that he was a guard protecting a spire from the Mafia.

VEN0M was a former diamond trim, who was eventually killed by Flame.

Although The Mafia has since been defeated, the Tomb of the Mafia still exists, containing all resources from the server along with stasis chambers for every former Mafia member, which kill all Mafia members if anything is taken. This means that the Mafia still technically exists despite its official dissolution. It is guarded by 
Marlowww
,  a skilled mace-user. Her main goal is to guard the tomb with lethal force.

Season 3

The Wind Burst book Wemmbu merged with Gambit likely came from a diamond trim mafia member.

Gallery

Thumbnails

Navigation

↑
 
https://youtu.be/8UQ6nkR-tXk?t=336