The End Civilization
 was a civilization created by 
ParrotX2
, 
Wifies
 and 
deanthebean9
, before subsequently being conquered by 
The Invisible Mafia
.

History

Parrot and Wifies try to create a civilization in the end. They see that a player has been following them. They pop the totem of the person underground and find that it’s deanthebean9. He says he’s a part of the Mafia. They recruit him as a member in their civilization. They move villagers into their civilization. Players from the Mafia find them and start trying to kill them. They are able to escape.

Parrot hires 
Horace_Altman
 to build the civilization. They finish bringing the villagers and see Horace made a giant island. Parrot goes into the Mafia’s base to get deanthebean9 out of his stasis chamber. They are successful in getting him out.

Parrot breaks his bed in the overworld and goes back into the end. For some reason he now cannot leave the end. Parrot logs on the next day and sees Horace moved the entire island 100 blocks down. A couple of members join the civilization. Horace builds a giant castle at the civilization. He also builds outposts near spawn. 
Boosfer
 comes over and tries to take over the civilization. Horace sets up chunk bans around the civilization.

What_Max
 goes to an outpost to join the civilization, but finds that the Mafia is there. The civilization helps him escape, but Parrot almost dies.

Horace greatly expands the empire. Wifies shows Parrot that he found a giant crater near their base. Boosfer talks more about how he’ll run against Parrot. 
Fantst
 and 
LettuceK
 tell Parrot that there are invisible players circling around the chunk bans. The Mafia send multiple bomber planes, but the civilization is able to stop them. Parrot tells them in the meeting room that they are unable to leave the end if they don’t have a bed in the overworld.

Horace builds a giant dome around the civilization. Boosfer, 
Kier
, and 
Dev
 come over for the election. Boosfer is unsuccessful in winning the election. He tries to leave but gets chunk banned.

Deanthebean9 tells Parrot that yesterday an invisible player got into the civilization. A new bomber plane is sent to destroy the civilization. The mole from the Mafia is able to turn off the chunk bans. After the Mafia invades, all of the members of the civilization run away.

Parrot and his friends try to explode the civilization.

The Mafia reskins the civilization to be mafia themed. They use the civilization to imprison the members of the Warriors District.

Gallery

Navigation