Somehow, below the bedrock in the Nether dimension, was a completely new world.
— 
Wemmbu
 monologing to himself in 
I Escaped Minecraft's Forgotten Dimension

The Underworld
 is a world underneath the bedrock of the nether, where the void should be. Only a select few players are able to place blocks in the underworld called 
Soul Keepers
.   

Mapicc
 referred to a place called the "
Underworld
" but it is technically not proven that that is the same dimension being referred to, though it is very likely is.  

Structure

Description

The Underworld is a dark place filled with patches of soul sand and soil as well as several deep chasms. Almost everything is gray or black, with really the only vibrant color being the green visible on some structures. It is home to several locations including a castle, a graveyard, and a series of partially destroyed bridges. There are wither here, mostly contained within the castle. In an unknown location there is a portal room with twenty portals though it is only known where two lead; the first being to a mysterious forest in the farlands and the second being to 
Serpantbound's
 kingdom.  

The Underworld is home to a group of players called the 
Soul Keepers
 who are hostile to intruders. Only a couple players outside of this realm are aware of its existence because of this hostility including: 
Wemmbu
, 
JamatoP
, and 
Boosfer
. 

Glitches

Placing and Breaking:

 
 
 
 
 
Picture of the Gold Block, teased at the end of the world's debut video
 
 

In this dimension, only the citizens (Players with green armor trims) have the ability to break and place blocks. The reason for this is unknown.

The Gold Block

The Gold block is located in (about) the middle of the castle, and standing on it or near it makes your game extremely laggy. It is possible this is what the Soul Keepers use to resurrect people if this is what they're doing. 

Nether Portal Lobby

The Underworld has connection to 
Far Lands
 in every direction through a lobby of nether portals guarded by 
Soul Keepers
.

History

Boosfer and Wemmbu, while fighting, both fall into the void below the nether. Instead of dying, they landed in the Underworld. Boosfer was quickly captured by the Soul Keepers who eventually found Wemmbu as well. The pair were able to escape and in their endeavor the leave, which the Soul Keepers did not like the idea of, they killed four of the Keepers. 

Mapicc mentions to Spoke at one point that JamatoP has been to a place called the Underworld, likely being here. This alludes that the theory of the Underworld being home to glitches and Jamato gaining power from them may be true. 

Wemmbu, going to the wrong side of the farlands, runs into Jamato. After telling Jamato he knows Serpantbound and allowing him to believe that Wemmbu is on good terms with them, Jamato shows them how to get to the other side of the farlands. At one-point Wemmbu mentions that a small monument looks kind of like one in the Underworld. Jamato tells him that he's not supposed to know about the Underworld and he should leave that monument alone. A little bit later, they go through a portal and end up in a portal room with 19 others. A Soul Keeper leads them to the portal that goes to Serpantbound's kingdom. 

Spoke hits Mapicc into the void, but Mapicc never dies and likely lands in the Underworld. 

Navigation