On the Unstable SMP, 
Wemmbu
 is by far one of the most powerful players on the server.
— 
ParrotX2

The Search for Wemmbu
 is the 84th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

The episode starts off with 
FlameFrags
 visiting 
Parrot
 in his potion shop at 
Capital City
 and asks to figure out what happened to 
Wemmbu
 in return for a set of coordinates of a 
Mafia
 stash in the End. Flame goes on about how Wemmbu beat him in a fight, and after that he was nowhere to be found. Both Parrot and Flame find that suspicious, and so Parrot goes to visit people all around Capital City, asking each person who they heard the rumors from. The last person he asks says 
eggchan
, Wemmbu's best friend, said Flame killed Wemmbu. Parrot heads to the End dimension, he searches everywhere for eggchan, but wasn't able to find him. He then threatens to blow up the End if nobody lived there, eggchan then reveals himself. Parrot asks eggchan what happened to Wemmbu, and he says that Wemmbu was maced to death, which didn't match up to the story to what he told others.

Parrot devises a plan and gets the same armor and trims as Wemmbu. Since Parrot doesn't know where Wemmbu is, he impersonates Wemmbu and robs a store in Capital City, framing Wemmbu as a thief to catch his attention. Parrot then goes around the server searching for Wemmbu, but finds nothing. He returns to Capital City and is stopped by guards for stealing. Wemmbu then appears in front of them, confronting Parrot for impersonating him. Wemmbu then tries to pop Parrot's totem, which would get rid of all potion effects he has on. Parrot quickly takes off his totem, so if Wemmbu kills him, his name would appear in chat. Parrot then tries to walk away since his invisibility was running out, but Wemmbu follows him. Parrot then goes to a silverfish farm, uses a potion of wind charging and potion of harming to launch himself thousands of blocks up in the air, leading to his escape.

Parrot's next idea is to go back to the End dimension and try to trick eggchan into thinking he was Wemmbu. When he gets there, eggchan pretended like Parrot didn't exist. This didn't help Parrot's case, and before heading back to the Overworld, Parrot mentions a courthouse meeting to eggchan. Parrot and 
Theo
 then travels to 
Boosfer's
 base for clues, since Wemmbu and Boosfer had an altercation before. When Parrot arrives at Boosfer's base, Boosfer asks, "Why are you wearing your invisibility again?" Parrot tries to use this time to get Boosfer to admit that the invisible player was Wemmbu, but Wemmbu appears shortly after. Boosfer can't tell the two apart, and makes them do trials to figure out who's the real Wemmbu. This doesn't solve anything, and so Wemmbu begins to attack Parrot, trying to pop his totem. Parrot runs out of the factory and swaps out with Theo, who's also pretending to be the invisible player. Parrot and Theo start to attack Wemmbu, and Wemmbu begins to mace them. This causes them to flee, they try to fly away using their 
Happy Ghast
, but Wemmbu kills it. With no other choice, they travel through the Nether to escape back to Capital City.

The next day, Parrot tells Flame that the invisible player has an Elytra and mace, but it wasn't enough evidence to prove that it was Wemmbu. His next plan was to trap the courthouse room, hopefully revealing Wemmbu's identity. He trades sets of Netherite armor in return for replicas of Wemmbu's exact armor and trims and hires people in Capital City to pretend to be the invisible player as well. Once the time comes, the courtroom meeting starts, and all of the players in Capital City are stasised out, which only left Wemmbu in the room. Wemmbu and Theo start fighting, and Parrot waits for Flame to show up, in which Flame ended up not doing. Parrot and Theo uses chorus fruit to get out, and Wemmbu escapes himself. Parrot wasn't going to give up easily, and begins to chase Wemmbu. They end up on a mountain, and Wemmbu asks Parrot and Theo why they care about him. One of Parrot's reasonings is because Wemmbu killed 
Boomie
, believing that Boomie was an innocent player, but Wemmbu tells him that Boomie was a bandit who killed random players. Wemmbu asks if they're going to stop hunting him now, but Parrot says that they're not going to stop until they revealed his identity. Wemmbu then heads towards them, ready to attack. Parrot and Theo build a roof above their head, and Wemmbu uses a stab shot to blow it up and popping both their totems. This causes the both of them to fly away.

Parrot flies to Flame's base asking where he was, and Flame says he was dealing with 
The Law
. He says that he was trying to prepare for the situation until The Law showed up to his base. Parrot has one last plan, he uses the exact same strategies 
the Director
 used against him to uncover Wemmbu's identity. He also sets up traps for Wemmbu. Parrot hides out in the stronghold and meets Wemmbu again face to face. He gives Wemmbu an ultimatum to reveal his own identity. Wemmbu, obviously not wanting to, starts to attack Parrot. Parrot flies through a massive tunnel, and at the end of the tunnel was the same meeting room used to trap 
MrCube6
 in. The plan was to have Theo and Wemmbu fight to drain his resources, and Parrot flees. 

He heads to the same ender pearl cannon that the Director built and throws a pearl into it. Parrot teleports millions of blocks out, where he meets back up with Flame, and the final trap is set. A flashback shows Parrot telling Flame to use the cannon and build a dome covered with obsidian and the insides with powdered snow, lava, and TNT. Parrot waits on the center platform for Wemmbu to show up. As predicted, Wemmbu ends up right across from Parrot. He then tells Wemmbu that this is the end of Wemmbu's fake identity. Parrot then explains how he figured out that The Invisible Knight was Wemmbu. He asks Wemmbu why he faked his own death, and Wemmbu tells him that he wants to enjoy the server like a normal player. Parrot said he knew the Invisible Knight was Wemmbui all along, but pretended not to know in order to save his own life. Wemmbu says that he could kill Parrot right now, but then Parrot reveals that Flame is there with them. Wemmbu then tries to escape, but whilist pearl catching, his wind charge went through the powdered snow and lava, causing the TNT surrounding the dome to explode. This caused the dogs both Parrot and Flame tamed to die in the explosion, showing their death in chat, as well exposing Wemmbu's name in the death message. 

Now that the job was done, Parrot has second thoughts about if revealing Wemmbu's identity was the right thing to do. Because there's no escape, Wemmbu and Flame end back up on the platform with Parrot, and Parrot tells Wemmbu to take off his invisibility. Parrot asks Flame for his end of the deal, and Flame gives the book with the coordinates to the Mafia tomb. Wemmbu asks why this happened, and Parrot says that he had to "tie up some loose ends", and tries to frame Wemmbu as a bad person for killing Boomie, Sky, and a bunch of innocent civilians in Capital City. Parrot tries to say more, but Wemmbu wind charges him off the platform. As Parrot's falling into the void, he looks in a specific direction, which activates a mirror receiver to set off a stasis.

Trivia

The video's original title was “Hunting a Minecraft Player Who Shouldn't Exist”.