Millions of blocks out on the Unstable SMP, exists the 
Great Sea
... a vast expanse of ocean that's rumored to contain some sort of lost treasure. This is the Search for Minecraft's Lost Empire.
— 
ParrotX2

The Search for Minecraft's Sunken Empire
 is the 73rd episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

DragonMC
 gives 
Parrot
 and 
Theo
 a new book containing a clue to a lost underwater city. This time, the two don't hesitate to set off.

The journey takes them to the 
Great Sea
, a vast ocean expanse where the terrain and islands are unlike those in the vanilla game. At the first location, they find nothing and realize the chest with the next clue has already been looted. However, they spot a nearby island occupied by other players. This is a group called the "
Ocean Rangers
". They summon the travelers for questioning after claiming to have never heard of the lost city. Parrot and Theo agree, hoping the Rangers might provide more information.

However, they are forced to empty their inventories. Parrot manages to smuggle a bucket of fish and a bucket of axolotl into their cell, where they find another player named 
Boomie
. The players are underwater and afflicted with the Mining Fatigue effect. Theo complains about how Parrot always shares their hard-earned treasures with new players on the server. When their guard is called to a meeting, Parrot uses a little-known mechanic to remove the Mining Fatigue: by helping an axolotl kill a fish, any negative effects are cleared. They secretly retrieve their items, but the Rangers spot them. Boomie has nothing on him and makes a run for it. Just then, another squad arrives, led by an 
invisible player
 with a voice changer and 
Jaden_MAN
. They are clearly at war with the Rangers. The cell guard chases Parrot, but he manages to kill him using the fall damage caused by the ice from his Frost Walker boots.

The next clue leads to an archipelago of sunken ships. Both the Rangers' and the invisible player's groups are already there. Parrot lures the latter group by throwing Wind Charges to draw them towards the former. He and Theo use the ensuing chaos to reach the next clue: a piston, which in pirate speak (a reference to the in-game language option) is called a "raised deck," the phrase mentioned in the clue book. With their food running low, they decide to go fishing.

"What are you gonna do with that fish you're catching? Give it to some new player at spawn?" Theo asks sarcastically.

Silence.

"You need this stuff. What, are you going to give away your armor? Your fishing rod? You need all of this to live! If you give away everything you have, you'll be left with nothing!"

Parrot answers with wisdom:

"There are two groups of players on the server. The first has everything, and the second is left with nothing. But there's a third group—those who could have everything, but choose to share, giving to those in need. Because that is the right thing to do. Treasure, items, power—those are temporary things. If you take them, you'll end up alone."

Theo claps mockingly. "Bravo, for being so morally perfect!"

"This server needs help, and I am going to save it!" Parrot declares firmly.

"Since when are you like this?" Theo asks.

"For a while now. That's a story for another time."

"A story? A story about how you ended up at spawn with three carrots? Haha."

They soon reach a new island. They feed a dolphin to lead them to the nearest naturally-generated underwater treasure. This, in turn, leads them to another island, where they breed turtles, knowing the mother will return to her home beach to lay its eggs. But just then, the Rangers, led by 
TheLobsterMan
, catch up to them. Boomie is their hostage. "Either he dies, or you give us the clue!" TheLobsterMan commands. In either scenario, Parrot stands to lose something. Theo begs him to sacrifice the player, calling him useless. Instead, Parrot throws an invisibility potion at Boomie and pulls him with a fishing rod, giving the defenseless player a chance to escape. Parrot and Theo get away as well, but Theo has had enough of Parrot's heroic deeds, which risk everything to save every single soul. He abandons the mission.

Parrot, in a boat with Boomie, reaches the underwater city. On a small island next to it, Boomie states that maybe the best solution would have been to leave him to his fate, as he was truly a useless player. Parrot disagrees and promises to do everything he can for him.

Then, the surprise comes, a stab shot gets sent down, the invisible player had killed Boomie, under the pretext that he was a "threat to his identity." When Parrot says he has no idea who is standing before him, the invisible player replies that, in that case, there is no reason to kill him. He also refuses to take the treasure, claiming he doesn't need it.

Parrot takes the resources from the underwater city and returns to the first archipelago. Theo is waiting for him there, with their Happy Ghast, Sky, tied up. He apologizes, and Parrot forgives him. Now, Parrot has a clear idea of who this invisible player really is and shares that he will do everything in his power to foil his plan.