Millions of blocks out on our Minecraft Server, there is rumored to be a city that lies in a strange place called the 
Far Lands
. With the 
Mafia
 quickly taking over our server, 
Wifies
, 
Dean
, and I must find this city to try and build an army to fight back. This is the Search for Minecraft's Far Lands.
— 
ParrotX2

The Search for Minecraft's Far Lands
 is the 21st episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

The video begins with 
ParrotX2
, 
Wifies
 and 
deanthebean9
 hiding from 
The Invisible Mafia
 in a remote forest after escaping 
Capital City
. The Mafia stops hunting them eventually. They planned on finding the far lands to recruit more people to fight The Mafia. While Parrot, Wifies and Dean explore a lush cave, Wifies gives Dean a goat horn and Parrot tells Dean that if they get jumped or if they are in any sort of danger, Dean has to blow the goat horn. They split off after that to get resources, however The Mafia found them. Dean blows his goat horn and they also hear explosions. They find Dean and they leave the cave.

They make a trip to Luigi's house. Parrot finds a book which happens to be Luigi's diary. They check the storage section of Luigi's house and find a lodestone compass which leads to the 
Far Lands City
. They head to the nether after finding a ruined portal to get brewing materials since they found a fortress immediately after lighting the portal. The Mafia finds them and starts blowing up the fortress. They go to the overworld to escape them.

Parrot and Wifies loot up a jungle temple to get arrows and other loot from the jungle temple. They also loot up a desert temple and get a bunch of TNT. After a while they get attacked by singular Mafia member. Parrot uses the TNT he got from the desert to make a minecart trap. They pop the totem of the invisible player and they get stasised into the void. They realize this is exactly what almost happened to Dean. Parrot, Wifies and Dean go to a jungle and Parrot asks them if he can trust them. They both say yes. 

They find a woodland mansion so they loot the woodland mansion to get totems. After each getting at least 1 totem, they leave the woodland mansion and enter an ancient city however, The Mafia found them again. Dean blows his goat horn and they start blowing up the ancient city, spawning a warden in the process. They managed to rescue Dean. They head to a village to trade with villagers for better gear then they leave the village. After a while they spot a massive obsidian border. They find a house next to the border and it turns out the house belongs to 
R4trick
 and 
Finiahn
. They explain that the wall was made by The Mafia. Parrot tells them he's thinking of going across the border. They ride camels across the border and they notice strange things such as craters,  trees without leaves, strange terrain, drained lakes, and more. Ratrick asks them why they want to go through Mafia territory and Parrot explains that it's to get to the Far Lands to avenge 
LuigiToan
. They all continue exploring, telling jokes and telling stories. They also blow up an iron farm built by The Mafia however, The Mafia spots them and tries to kill them. Wifies gives Parrot his chestplate since they broke his chestplate and Parrot tries to hide from them in a jungle. 

Parrot goes invisible and he chooses not to take his armour off because he thinks he has arrows all over him, however all of his armour pieces break. Wifies tells Parrot to take off his chestplate since there are no arrows on him and Parrot throws his chestplate away. Parrot tries to run away from The Mafia while being invisible. Parrot manages to lose them and Wifies finds him. Dean tells Parrot and Wifies that they stopped chasing him at one point. 

They head out of Mafia territory and go to the nether to loot up a bastion. 

After leaving the nether they find a trial chamber. They loot the trial chamber in peace until they get jumped by the Mafia in the trial chamber. They leave the trial chamber and start running from the invisible players. They escape in the nether because Wifies baits them by making another portal. Parrot has an argument with Wifies over Dean and Wifies tells Parrot that Dean is not going to die. They go back to the overworld to tame horses so that they can go to the nether roof and use the horses to go faster. They get jumped by The Mafia yet again in the nether roof. They head back to the overworld and find a remote jungle. Parrot goes on a mining trip to get materials until he overhears Wifies and Dean arguing. After eavesdropping, Parrot acts like he didn't hear anything. Wifies asks if they are going to keep going but Parrot tells them that they will if they tell him what's going on. Wifies and Parrot argue over Dean again until Dean tells them the truth.    

Dean admits to Parrot that he's the reason why The Mafia found them all the time and that they have been taking advantage of him not being skilled and apologizes for it. Parrot gets upset at Dean and he walks away. Wifies follows Parrot and they discuss about how Dean had even leaked their location. Wifies implies that maybe they got Dean to shoot arrows when they weren't with them. Parrot considers asking Dean about the arrows but while he talks about doing so with Wifies, Dean puts the lodestone compass he had in a chest, blows the goat horn and runs away. Parrot and Wifies thinks he's in danger after he blows the goat horn and they look for Dean until they see the compass. Parrot feels bad and tries searching for Dean but Wifies tells Parrot not to because he's been long gone already.      

Parrot and Wifies continue travelling without Dean, but things change as soon as they reach a village. Wifies tells Parrot to give him the compass so Parrot proceeds in doing so but in return, Wifies burns the compass. Parrot thinks it was a fake compass but Wifies tells him that it was the real one. Wifies tells Parrot he doesn't want to go to the Far Lands because he thinks Parrot will die. They have an argument about going to the Far Lands until Parrot walks away and throws his spyglass. Wifies apologizes to him in private messages but Parrot ignores him.            

Parrot spends the rest of his journey on his own. He finds the farlands but not the Far Lands City. Parrot finishes reading Luigi's journal and tries to throws the emerald away but his allay keeps giving it back to him. He finds a player named 
Qu1nten
. Parrot assumes Quinten is a part of the Far Lands because there would be no other reason why he would be out here. Parrot tells Quinten to lead him to the Far Lands city. Parrot tells him he needs to talk to Horace so Quinten leads him to Horace. Parrot warns Horace that The Mafia will find the Far Lands city and he talks about what The Mafia did to all of his friends starting with Luigi. He tells Horace that The Mafia killed LuigiToan, weaponized Dean's friendship thus making him run away and made Wifies burn the compass leading to the city because Wifies wanted survival over everything and finally tells him that The Mafia will find the place so they have to fight back and Horace is convinced.            

Trivia

In 
Spoke's
 
I Infiltrated The Minecraft Mafia
 episode it is revealed that the Mafia members that were chasing them in the trial chamber were 
Spoke
, 
Mapicc
 and a random gold trimmed player

Gallery