The Mafia
 has declared war on our server... After we obtained their leaked plans, we tried to warn the leaders of the peaceful civilizations. However, after the Mafia infiltrated their people and annihilated their homes, we realized our only hope in defeating the Mafia was by finding the Stasis Chamber…
— 
Spoke

The End of the Minecraft Mafia
 is the 27th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. This marks the finale of Season 1, as well as the end of 
Spoke
's perspective on Season 1.  

Plot

The video begins with 
Spoke
 and 
Mapicc
 at Square City, warning Cash about the Mafia attacking them. Cash ridicules them and tells them that the last thing his citizens would worry about is The Mafia running around and dismisses Spoke and Mapicc. Nico tells Cash that they are under attack and gets killed by an iron trimmed player. The iron trimmed player tries to kill Cash but gets his statis pulled. Cash thinks he defeated The Mafia but Ash walks into Cash's house and tells him that "everyone will be Mafia soon" and orders the gold trimmed player to kill Cash. The gold trimmed player tells Ash that Spoke and Mapicc are hiding on the roof and Spoke and Mapicc flee from Square city. Mapicc suggests that they use MinuteTech's trap but Spoke tells Mapicc that he's going to use his own instead. Mapicc asks Spoke if its the oak tree with flowers all around it and Spoke tells Mapicc that it used to be under a dark oak tree but he messed it up. Spoke and Mapicc get attacked by 2 diamond players who find and trigger his trap because of how obvious it is. They find MinuteTech's escape route which is a void trap. Mapicc tells Spoke the coordinates of the way out of the void trap and end up in a cave. 

Spoke tells Mapicc that they need to find coordinates to the other civilizations so they visit Squiddo to ask her for the coordinates of the other civilizations in Ash's desire board. Spoke also explains how the Mafia works to Squiddo and she gives them the coordinates to Sleepy Nation. While they fly there MinuteTech follows them. While exploring Sleepy Nation they get jumped by invisible players, however it turns out that the invisible players were Hannah and im_a_squid_kid. Spoke and Mapicc meet up with Wallibear. Wallibear tells them that their stashes were overrun by The Mafia and that half of their soldiers are dead. Spoke tells Hannah and Squid about the news and they all steal the items in the stash back from The Mafia. While they were on their way to return to Wallibear they find out that the place was all blown up and they see Ash and a diamond player. They make fun of Spoke, Mapicc and Minute and they also tell him that Wallibear is in the Mafia now. They go back to Sleepy Nation to warn Hannah and Squid that the Mafia is coming and they show them an alternate exit, however Hannah and Squid wear gold trimmed chestplates, pot up and jump them. Spoke tries to kill them but Minute tells them that they were forced into the Mafia and tell them not to kill them. They escape Sleepy Nation and Spoke has an argument with Minute. Minute leaves and Mapicc gets upset at Spoke for sending him off. They visit Squiddo again but they get jumped by the same two diamond players and an 
iron player
. Baconnwaffles blows up Squiddo's castle and they escape using Squiddo's void escape route.

Spoke and Mapicc check up on spawn only to find Mafia players destroying it. They fly away and spot Parrot and Wifies, they discuss about the desire board and Spoke assumes that the same place where he killed iMajesticRose was The Withered. Parrot, Wifies Spoke and Mapicc go to that location and find a diamond player destroying the house. They follow the diamond player and find a guy named Quackenstein. They intimidate Quackenstein but then later stop because they feel bad for him. Quackenstein tours them around the house and he also shows them a memorial for Rose. Spoke regrets killing rose. Parrot and WIfies leave the house. Spoke spends some time with Becky going fishing when Quackenstein meets them and Spoke promises to protect them. Quackenstein tells them to build a mountain over his town.

Spoke and Mapicc head to the end to get obsidian from the pillars until they spot Ash. They try to escape the end until Ash notices that there are people breaking blocks under him. He realizes that the people breaking blocks are Spoke and Mapicc and he calls them out to scare them. He also says that everything Spoke loves is now destroyed by the Mafia. A diamond trimmed player finds Spoke and Mapicc's hole and they attempt to kill them until Spoke and Mapicc escape. Spoke and Mapicc notice that Becky and Quackenstein are missing so they search for them until they find a staircase in Quackenstein's house that leads to a diamond player set along with a mace. They notice Quackenstein entering the room and they confront him. Spoke threatens to kill Quackenstein and he says that he actually met Rose and Becky before and that he feels better for killing Rose and Mapicc tells Spoke to stop and compares him to Ash. Quackenstein and Mapicc tell Spoke to put his mace down and Quackenstein tells him his backstory after Spoke puts his mace down.

At first it was just him and Rose. They travelled hundreds of thousands of blocks away from the server's initial problems (presumably Zam Empire or ClownPierce). Him and Rose were building houses and castles until one day a player named Ashswagg invited them join his team. He promised that if they built castles for him and joined the Invisible Mafia they would protect them and give them infinite resources. Quackenstein was suspicious initially but Rose saw this as a great opportunity to build so they agreed. After they finished building this castle it was being used as a statis chamber to torment the members. Ash told them not to write down the coordinates of the statis chamber however Quackenstein did write down the coordinates of the monument. After Quackenstein found out what the statis chamber was really about he assembled a team to try to take it down however, it was already destroyed. After Ash found out what happened, that's when Rose died. Spoke realizes that he has been hiding and that's why he has no invis and in iron armour. Quackenstein gives Spoke a book called "Mafia Eyes" that is signed by Ashswagg. Spoke then apologizes to Quackenstein for killing Rose. He explains that while he was infiltrating the Mafia he was put on a mission to kill Rose and that was why he killed her. Spoke and Mapicc say goodbye to Becky before leaving and they tell Parrot and Wifies that they found a potential lead to the statis chamber.

Parrot invites them to District 13 where Spoke shows everyone the book. Parrot sends Spoke out to destroy the stasis chamber. Spoke and Mapicc notice a giant crater. They try to find something until Mapicc finds a chest. The chest contains a book called "The Gateway" which is also signed by Ash and the contents of the book are "<" and ">" signs. They don't know what it means so they go back to District 13 to tell them about it. They also don't understand what the book means and they get upset at Spoke. After an argument Spoke gets kicked out of District 13 and he almost gives up until he finds a massive obsidian box that's way bigger than the one they were building when they met Parrot. They then return to District 13 to tell Parrot about the spawn prison and they head to spawn to plan how they are going to break in. Wemmbu and Eggchan distract the guards while Parrot, Spoke and Mapicc break in by setting their spawn, going to the end and going into the portal and into the prison. They find a room with an iron door where they throw a pearl but they don't realize it's purpose yet. They also find Wato as one of the guards. Parrot, Wato, Spoke and Mapicc go back to the room where pearls are being thrown and they follow it and find sandstone halls. They get spotted by a diamond player and they get chased by them. While hiding from the diamond player, Mapicc realizes that the book with "<" and ">" signs.

Spoke and Mapicc begin going through the directions of the book while being chased by Mafia players until they find what appears to be a dead end until they mine through the walls and find a tunnel. The tunnel leads to a pearl cannon where they throw the pearls and it sends them to where it would lead to. The pearl cannon teleports them to what looks like the middle of nowhere until they see a huge man made mountain. They think back to what Quackenstein said about building a mountain over his town and realize that the statis chamber may be inside the mountain. They find a castle with all the Mafia statis chamber pearls. They find one with Mapicc's name in it (with no pearl), one with Squiddo's name and one with Wifies' name. They accidentally pull one of their statises and it turns out that they are a no trimmed Mafia player. The no trimmed guy wanders around while Spoke and Mapicc follows him. A diamond player spots him and maces him. They find the exit and tell Parrot and Wemmbu about the statis chamber. Parrot suggests that Spoke mines the soul sand in the void so that the pearls fall in the void however they get jumped by multiple Mafia members. After the fight, Parrot tells Spoke to destroy the stasis chamber while Wemmbu, Eggchan and Wato distract ClownPierce. After arriving there they notice that the diamond players are suspicious. Spoke falls into the void and realizes he forgot a shovel. Spoke crafts an iron shovel and realize that it's not that good. Spoke eventually runs out of fireworks and Mapicc pulls his statis to save him.

Mapicc gives Spoke a shovel good enough to destroy the stasis chamber along with a ton of fireworks and Spoke makes it back into the void to destroy more statis pearls. Spoke mines out an entire section of pearls. Mapicc gets chased by diamond players while this is happening and since the diamond players notice that pearls are missing they fall into the hole and notice Spoke mining them. While the diamond players are trying to find Spoke, Mapicc goes back to his stasis chamber and notices that Spoke didn't throw his pearl this time leaving Spoke no option but to try to destroy all of the pearls. Spoke also notices the diamond players placing obsidian and after Spoke destroys all of the stasis chambers he realizes that the diamond players are placing obsidian to trap him there so that he dies. Spoke runs out of rockets and Mapicc makes a little cave for Spoke to chorus out. The diamond players die in the void after. Spoke and Mapicc happily fly around the place knowing that there are no pearls left. They find MinuteTech and they explain to MinuteTech how they managed to destroy all the statis chamber pearls. Minute tells them that he picked up a book which leads them to a house in the far lands along with a 
copper player
 and a statis chamber. They pull the statis chamber and it turns out that it's Ash. Spoke taunts and makes fun of Ash for losing his army and tells him that the statis chamber is destroyed. Ash tells Spoke that he doesn't care about the Mafia being defeated because he noticed a cycle where civilizations want to take over other civilizations to get power and Spoke is probably going to make a 
team of his own to take over the server
 and have worse motives than the Invisible Mafia and will end up just like him and Ash says he's satisfied for that reason. Spoke refuses to kill Ash while Minute and Mapicc want him to. Spoke tells Ash to go far away from everyone and Ash tells Spoke that when he does end up like Ash he will be there before flying away.