"
Put that down; before you hurt yourself.
" — 
This article is missing a quote. Please help the 
Unstable Universe
 Wiki by 
adding
 one.

TheRealSquiddo
, more commonly known as 
Squiddo
, is a character in 
Unstable Universe
.

Personality

Squiddo is an unserious, generous, and funny character. She is unwilling to kill players, as shown when she remained a copper trim in the 
Invisible Mafia
 despite being one of the people closest to 
Ashswagg
. She is incredibly loyal to certain people and states that she misses 
Spoke
, 
Mapicc
, and the rest of her friends even long after she left to join Ash. She is sentimental, keeping a version of the "Garlic Hamster" pet at every single one of her bases. She also is shown to be very silly, as shown with her antics at Point Nemo. She brings out a less serious side of Ash, despite his stoic front. She is one of the only people in the series that he opens up to and trusts.

History

Season 1

Squiddo leads the master builders group. 
SpokeIsHere
 pays her to have the master builders group help Spoke build 
The Wonders
. 

Squiddo builds a portal and breaks an obsidian at the same moment that a chunk suppressor was accidentally activated by Spoke. Spoke sees this and tells her that it is a normal thing which happens when the server lags. Spoke then destroys the glitched portal and advises that she doesn’t share it and that nobody would believe her.

Squiddo's house is accidentally burned down by Spoke when he is trying to get rid of her duped netherite blocks.

Wemmbu
 and 
PrinceZam
 interrogate Squiddo and threaten to chunk ban her if she doesn’t give information on Spoke. They check her barrels and find out that she has glitched items. She says that she did make a build in the end dimension for Spoke, and DMs Wemmbu the coordinates. Zam chunk bans Squiddo.

Parrot breaks Squiddo out of prison.

Squiddo joins 
Wemmbu's Civilization
.

Season 2

Squiddo is seen in a secret base with 
ashswagg
 called 
Point Nemo
. Spoke later completely destroys the entire base and raids all of it.

Spoke, invisible, destroys Squiddo's base in 
the Amplified
 with fire and lava. Squiddo talks about her 'dear friends' Spoke and Mapicc.

Boundaries

Shipping is okay

No NSFW

Trivia

Squiddo was the copper trim player that was with 
Ashswagg
 in the 
Far Lands
 after the Mafia had fallen.

She and 
Ashswagg
 are dating in real life, as they revealed in YouTube video and series of tweets on February 14th, and have joked about being married in Unstable Universe.

Squiddo has changed her skin several times between and during episodes, making her, 
Ashswagg
, 
Parrot
,  
Wemmbu
, 
Mapicc
, and 
Saparata
 the only characters to do so in all of Unstable.

Squiddo was offered the opportunity to be the fourth protagonist of Unstable. However, she declined as she wanted to focus on Lifesteal content and agreed to be a background character instead.

Navigation

References

↑
 
https://youtube.com/shorts/Yj4c0rU4S4c