why is this guy pretending to be me
— 
Wemmbu

This Player Stole My Identity
 is the 79th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Contents

1
 
Plot

2
 
Trivia

Plot

The episode begins with 
Wemmbu
 and 
Fantst
 inside of a restaurant, having a casual conversation. 
LettuceK
, the leader of a team called 
The Law
 and a few of his members, arrive and accuse Wemmbu (as the invisible player) of stealing from 
Capital City
. Wemmbu attempts to defend himself to Lettuce by saying he doesn't need to steal, but Lettuce begins to pot up. Wemmbu escapes from the restaurant and loses the trail of his pursuers, successfully leaving 
Merchant City
.

Wemmbu returns to Capital City to figure out who's been impersonating him, traversing sneakily to avoid getting caught and makes a secret base near the front gate to observe players going in and out of the city to catch his impersonator. Soon, he spots an invisible player wearing his exact same armor and trims, prompting a confrontation. However, the impersonator insists that Wemmbu is impersonating them, not the other way around. The other invisible player has a totem in their offhand, and so Wemmbu uses that as his time to attack them to pop their totem to reveal their identity, not to kill them. The player takes the totem off so Wemmbu can't reveal their identity without revealing his own. The invisible player tells Wemmbu to "count his days" before trying to leave, but Wemmbu follows suit. The impersonator actives a hidden contraption that launches players up thousands of blocks in the air, and Wemmbu loses them in the sky.

Since there's only three players who know Wemmbu's true identity (his friend 
eggchan
, 
Boosfer
, and 
Jaden_MAN
), he goes to Egg in the End Dimension to get Boosfer's location to get leads on his impersonator. Egg tells Wemmbu that Boosfer is back at the mushroom island. When he gets there, he sees the impersonator had beaten him to Boosfer, and since Boosfer couldn't tell the two apart, he suggested them to undergo a set of trials to prove which invisible player is the real Wemmbu. The first trial is to make a one block neo, but both of them fails. When that doesn't work out, Boosfer assigns them to get them a coal block, Wemmbu refuses and the impersonator goes. This doesn't prove anyone's identity, and the impersonator tries to manipulate Boosfer to say something only the real Wemmbu would know. Fed up of the back-and-forth strut, Wemmbu tells Boosfer to stay quiet and attempts to pop the impersonator's totem. The impersonator runs out of the factory to "swap out", revealing a second impersonator named "Agent 22". The two team up on Wemmbu, and with no other choice, Wemmbu brings out his mace. The impersonators try to escape using a Happy Ghast, but Wemmbu flies up high to detect being seen, due to his cape and Elytra being purple. He drops down and kills the Happy Ghast, prompting one of the two impersonators to yell "SKY!" (indirectly revealing their identities). However, the two impersonators still manage to escape from Wemmbu.

Wemmbu goes back to the End Dimension again to meet back up with Egg, this time to ask if there's an easier way to get to the 
Great Sea
 without having to wait for rain to travel with his Riptide Trident or go through the Nether. Egg tells Wemmbu that Jaden has teamed up with Capital City to make a dolphin highway to his Pirate Civilization, but before Wemmbu goes through the portal to return to the Overworld, Egg stops Wemmbu and tells him how one of the impersonators came through the End as well and mentioned a courtroom trial, which opens an opportunity for Wemmbu to pop their totem and reveal the impersonator's identity(s).

When Wemmbu arrives back in Capital City, he sees other invisible people with his same armor trims going to the courtroom, likely the trial Egg was talking about. When he walks in, there are dozens of invisible players with his same armor. The main impersonator speaks up, saying that they gathered all of the people here to uncover the identity of "The Invisible Knight." It was then revealed that this courtroom was a trap, as all of the invisible players get stasised out besides the main impersonator standing on the stage and Agent 22. The courtroom is boxed in a layer of obsidian and Elder Guardians are beneath, trapping the three inside and causing mining fatigue so Wemmbu can't mine out. The main impersonator boxes themselves in with glass while Agent 22 tries to kill Wemmbu. 

Wemmbu pops Agent 22's totem, revealing it to be 
TheobaldTheBird
. Wemmbu and Theo fight each other, but Theo accidentally carts and blows up the glass blocks encasing the other impersonator. Wemmbu immediately pops their totem, revealing the main impersonator to be 
ParrotX2
. Parrot and Theo try to devise a backup plan since 
FlameFrags
 failed to show up, and then chorus fruit out of the courtroom, leaving Wemmbu inside. Quickly hatching a plan, he retrieves Ender Pearls from his ender chest without them looking. Wemmbu tries to pearl glitch out of the obsidian, but to no avail. Parrot, catching onto Wemmbu's trick, traps Wemmbu in glass while he's in crawl mode. Because the courtroom is made out of wood, Wemmbu crafts a crafting table makes ladders, escaping successfully by pearl glitching out with the ladder.

The episode ends with Wemmbu and his dialogue:

"
The impersonator was named Parrot, one of the smartest players on the Unstable SMP. But I had no clue why he even cared about what I was doing, or what he meant by not having a choice to hunt me down. The only thing I know for certain was that this was not going to be the last time that I was going to be seeing Parrot.
"

Trivia

This video went through three title changes. Originally, it was called “I Got Impersonated on a Hardcore Minecraft SMP”, then it was changed to “I Got Impersonated on a Minecraft SMP”, then to “This Player Pretended To Be Me” before it was named “This Player Stole My Identity”.