I don't know why 
he
 pressed the button, and I don't know what they're hiding from me. All I know is that my only option is to save the rest of the world from the button... because This Button Destroys the World.
— Parrot

This Button Destroys the World
 is the second episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
 and the first episode released by 
Parrot
. 

Plot

The episode starts with 
ParrotX2
 entering his own base to encounter 
Wemmbu
, who claims to have something greatly interesting. Seeing Parrot's confusion, Wemmbu prompts him to follow.

Parrot flies behind Wemmbu until they reach a large crater in the ground. Wemmbu claims that he wasn't responsible for the destruction, and that it was a test site for an 
orbital cannon
—a weapon that can destroy any location at a whim. Together, Parrot and Wemmbu deduce that the cannon must belong to 
SpokeIsHere
, as he'd seen Wemmbu build one before, but they don't understand why Spoke did it. 

They decide to check 
The Wonders
. Although Parrot doesn't know who built The Wonders and why, he assumes that they would be the only builds worthy of being targeted by Spoke. 

Along with Wemmbu, Parrot returns to his base to brainstorm a plan to stop Spoke. However, they get interrupted by 
Roshambogames
 who informs them that the server is lagging and that the Wonder he'd been guarding had been nuked by a giant mass of TNT. Roshambo leads them to the Wonder and shows them the destruction. Wemmbu confirms that it's the work of an orbital cannon, and proceeds to explain to Roshambo what that is. Parrot discovers a netherrack room beneath the destroyed monument. He asks Wemmbu what his thoughts are about it, but Wemmbu dismisses it and says it's probably useless.

Parrot  realizes that if nobody will try to stop 
The Wonders
 from getting destroyed, he'll have no choice but to protect them himself. To do that, though, he needs to build an orbital cannon of his own, but he has no idea how. He decides to start practicing with small machines until he can understand how to build an orbital cannon. While flying over a Wonder, he spots Roshambo. Parrot  asks Roshambo about the netherrack box beneath his Wonder, but Roshambo says he's never seen one. Confused, Parrot returns to his attempt at a TNT machine, only to discover that it had been griefed with obsidian.

Later, Parrot calls Wemmbu to show him his machine and ask for help. Wemmbu sees the machine and claims that it won't do any damage at all, but when Parrot activates it, it launches both of them into the air. After the initial explosion, the machine continues to detonate multiple rounds of TNT until Parrot manually breaks it. He  complains to Wemmbu that he'd previously created a cannon that got destroyed, but Wemmbu laughs and suggests that Parrot had probably done it by himself on accident. 

Wemmbu  leaves, but Parrot is certain that his redstone had been ruined by another player. He wonders why Wemmbu tried to cover that up, and why, despite knowing how to, he wasn't assisting Parrot in building the orbital cannon.

Parrot spots Wemmbu talking to Roshambo at the 
Marshland Mansion
 and decides to listen in on their conversation. They seem to be talking about illegal items, and about offering them to other players. Roshambo talks about how he needs the items because he has nothing left, and that the others probably don't, but Wemmbu reassures that it'll become the same for them. Wemmbu  expresses his concerns about Parrot catching on to their plans. He advises Roshambo to stop destroying Parrot's builds and tells him to be more subtle about the distractions. Finally, Roshambo says something about trying to get the others on their side. Wemmbu leaves, and Parrot follows him.

Wemmbu flies toward his base at spawn, and due to being distracted by a skeleton, Parrot loses him. He enters the base and calls out to Wemmbu, but is met with no reply, so he leaves.

Parrot continues his attempts at building cannons, and a while later, Wemmbu comes back to check on him. Parrot explains that he thinks building an orbital cannon requires power and precision, but Wemmbu says that he doesn't get what Parrot means. Parrot demonstrates his latest machine on an iron golem, and it ends up successfully killing it, but the server experiences a lag spike. The two players fly back to spawn and Parrot tries to celebrate his achievement, only for Wemmbu to criticize how it lagged the server. Parrot is confused and he claims that he's tested the machine multiple times without it lagging. Wemmbu realizes that Parrot's machine isn't supposed to lag and flies off.

Wemmbu leads Parrot to a Wonder, 
The Crone
, and discovers that it's been blown up. The guard, 
Fantst
, explains that a ball of TNT appeared and destroyed it. While Fantst complains about his loss, Parrot observes various redstone components within the debris and asks him about them. Fantst says he doesn't know anything, and Wemmbu suggests that it might be the remnants of a cobblestone duper. Parrot argues that cobble dupers don't appear like that. He asks about what their plan is now, but Wemmbu leaves. After confirming that Fantst truly has no clue about the redstone, Parrot attempts to follow Wemmbu. He spots Wemmbu entering his base at spawn, but when Parrot goes in to look for him, he isn't there.

A while later, Parrot calls Wemmbu to show him another cannon. It's able to fire TNT at specific locations according to which button is pressed on the machine. Wemmbu messes around with it before agreeing that it's cool. He asks Parrot why he's testing the machine on the ocean instead of on land, to which Parrot responds that he's not interested in destroying things. Parrot asks who built The Wonders and accuses Wemmbu of lying when he says he doesn't know. Wemmbu and Parrot have an argument about it. When Parrot states that Wemmbu can build an orbital cannon but refuses to help, Wemmbu reveals that he's only interested in knowing where Spoke's cannon is, but refuses to tell Parrot why. Wemmbu asks Parrot where Spoke is, but Parrot doesn't know. He claims that he does, however, have notes on how to find Spoke's orbital cannon and says that he's kept the notes in the 
Frosted Palace
. Wemmbu leaves in pursuit of the book containing the notes.

With him busy, Parrot decides to check Wemmbu's base once more. He reaches it, and after some searching, finds a hidden lever that opens a secret passageway. Parrot drops down and follows a very long tunnel to a 3 x 3 iron door with a button next to it. Parrot contemplates pressing the button, but decides against it as he thinks Wemmbu will catch him. He flies out of Wemmbu's house.

Parrot returns to the last cannon that he'd made, and finds Wemmbu using it. When Wemmbu sees him, he asks Parrot where he's been and why the notes weren't in the monument. Parrot apologizes and says they were in his base and he went to grab them. Wemmbu asks Parrot for them, and Parrot replies by asking why Wemmbu wants them anyway. Wemmbu says that he just wants to destroy Spoke's cannon, and he and Parrot bicker for some time. Finally, Wemmbu asks him how to find Spoke's cannon, with or without notes, and Parrot claims that they have to use the lag. Seeing Wemmbu's confusion, Parrot explains that they can use the velocity of the TNT and the time to calculate the distance from Spoke's cannon. Wemmbu agrees with the idea. Parrot realizes that even if they destroy Spoke's orbital cannon, only two of The Wonders will remain standing at best. He tells Wemmbu that he is ready to build the orbital cannon and asks him for help. Wemmbu questions why Parrot even wants to build one, and Parrot says that he wants to blow up Spoke's, but Wemmbu says it's a bad idea to blow up that location. Parrot leaves.

He still doesn't know why Spoke is destroying The Wonders, and he doesn't know what Wemmbu is hiding in his base. There's something about the server that he just doesn't understand, but there's only one thing he knows he can do. Parrot builds an orbital cannon.

Once Parrot has built the cannon, Wemmbu shows up and accuses Parrot of not knowing what he's doing. Parrot says that he does and when Wemmbu asks if Parrot even found Spoke's location, Parrot says that that's what he's waiting on. Wemmbu starts criticizing parts of Parrot's redstone, and Parrot asks why Wemmbu doesn't just build the cannon himself. Wemmbu says he doesn't understand why Parrot is so insistent on using an orbital cannon and says he's wasting time, but Parrot says that he's not wasting time if the machine works. Wemmbu claims that the cannon will blow itself up when activated, then proceeds to mess with it so that it does, and says that Parrot doesn't understand anything that's going on. Parrot states that Wemmbu used to guard a Wonder, to which Wemmbu says that he did until said Wonder got destroyed, so Parrot asks why Wemmbu doesn't care. Wemmbu explains that just because he guarded it doesn't mean he cares. Parrot says that blowing up Spoke's cannon is the only way to prevent him from destroying the other Wonders, and that he doesn't get why Wemmbu doesn't want that. In return, Wemmbu says he doesn't get why Parrot cares so much, but Parrot says that it's because nobody else is doing anything about it—not even Wemmbu, who used to be a guardian. Wemmbu says that he used to care until everything important in his monument got nuked, so Parrot reminds Wemmbu that he said at the beginning that The Wonders were pointless. Wemmbu says that they are, and Parrot leaves.

Wemmbu follows Parrot to another Wonder. Parrot gives Wemmbu one last chance to explain, but Wemmbu says he doesn't know what Parrot is talking about. Parrot states that there's something beneath every Monument and says he'll dig straight into the one they're standing on. However, before he can start digging, a mass of TNT appears and destroys it. Parrot and Wemmbu watch as the Wonder is blown up, and Wemmbu reminds Parrot that they can now pinpoint Spoke's location. They discover the coordinates and Wemmbu leaves. Parrot notices that there are redstone machines beneath the debris of the monument.

He realizes that the only way to find out what Wemmbu is hiding is to enter the secret room in his base. Parrot goes there and presses the button. He goes inside to discover one of the machines he'd once seen in the remains of a Wonder, along with that seem to be duped fireworks. While he's investigating, however, he hears Wemmbu and Roshambo coming into the room. Parrot hides in the weeping vines on the ceiling, eavesdropping on their conversation. Wemmbu says that Parrot is getting too close to properly finishing the orbital cannon, and that he needs Roshambo to take care of him—that Parrot's cannon mustn't be fired under any circumstances—and says he'll give Roshambo what he wants. Once Roshambo leaves, Parrot drops down, hits Wemmbu, and threatens to kill him. Upon realized that Wemmbu is more skilled than him, Parrot proceeds to interrogate him instead, but Wemmbu runs away.

Parrot flies after him and threatens to just keep chasing him, but Wemmbu claims that Parrot doesn't have enough rockets to get to where Wemmbu's headed. Parrot stops following Wemmbu, returns to his orbital cannon, and starts fixing it.

While he's working on the cannon, he gets interrupted by Roshambo who tells him to stop. Roshambo is followed by 
JumperWho
, 
Derapchu
, and Fantst. He says there's no reason to set the cannon off, but Parrot argues that he wants to save The Wonders. Roshambo explains that most of them at this point are gone, and firing the cannon will only perpetuate a cycle of destruction until everything else is gone, too. Parrot tells him that the cannon is set to fire in ten minutes, and Roshambo says either Parrot should prevent that or he'll prevent it himself. Parrot questions the other three guardians if they're on Roshambo's side, and they say that they are. When Parrot asks what he told them, Roshambo says that it doesn't matter. Parrot claims that Roshambo is being manipulated by Wemmbu, and Roshambo points out that Parrot is being manipulated by Spoke. Parrot disagrees and tells the other three about how he discovered a vault in Wemmbu's base with duped items. He prompts them to follow him to the base to prove that Roshambo and Wemmbu have been planning something. 

After accusing Parrot of trying to distract them, the group eventually follows him to Wemmbu's base. However, when he leads them into the base, he discovers that the door to the secret room is gone. Roshambo's group talk about how they now only have five minutes left to stop the cannon and start chasing Parrot as he tries to run away.

When Parrot stops, they start fighting him. He says that he doesn't understand what they're trying to accomplish before flying off once more. Parrot tries returning to his cannon and states that it's firing in twenty seconds. When he reaches it, however, he finds the machine being blown up. Roshambo says that Parrot should've listened. Parrot starts hitting him. Everybody starts fighting Parrot, but they all stop when they experience a lag.

The five of them fly to one of the last monuments to find it destroyed. Parrot tells Roshambo that it's his fault and that they could've destroyed Spoke's cannon and prevented it, but Roshambo chose to let it happen. Fantst states that there's still one Wonder left, and he asks Parrot if there's any way to prevent its destruction. Parrot claims that it's possible if Roshambo doesn't try stopping him, and Roshambo says that he won't. Parrot explains how he discovered that the orbital cannon, specifically Spoke's one, fires every six hours, but the loading chamber can be optimized to make it 25% faster, meaning that if they can gather all the materials in fifteen minutes and build the whole thing in an hour, they could destroy Spoke's cannon before the next time it fires. Everybody agrees to help, but Roshambo says he's not making any promises.

Roshambo and his teammates  bring Parrot all the materials in front of the final Wonder, and Parrot tasks them to construct a bunker using obsidian in front of the Wonder while he builds the cannon. Everyone gets to work. Parrot finishes the orbital cannon, and finally presses the button.

Parrot, Roshambo, Jumper, Derapchu, and Fantst enter the obsidian bunker and wait for four and a half hours until the cannon fires. The server experiences a lag, signalling that the cannon has fired, and they immediately try to dig out, but the server continues lagging for longer than it realistically should. 

Finally, when they get out, they discover that Spoke's and Parrot's orbital cannons have gone off at the same time. They all watch as the final Wonder is blown up. When Fantst says that they've lost, Parrot states that everyone has.

Trivia

This is 
Parrot
's debut video on the series.

This is the shortest video in Season 1.

Thumbnail

This thumbnail depicts Parrot (center) clicking a button, with a castle on the left and a mushroom cloud on the right, the button seeming to be causing this explosion. The castle on the left seems to be 
Zam Empire,
 one of the most plot relevant factions in early Season 1.