The 
Toxic War Arc
 is a mini arc in 
Unstable Universe
.

Story

FlameFrags
 is attacked by a group of players led by 
SpokeIsHere
. He loses all his netherite armour pieces except for his chestplate, but gets ambushed by another group and kills them all. He heads to 
Merchant City
 and trades the gear for a netherite helmet, but gets attacked by the 
Bounty Assassin Team
. He gets netherite boots from the fight and escapes. 
Wemmbu
 attacks him at his house, but since neither can kill the other they stop and talk. Wemmbu gives him coords to Spoke's base, and he goes there, surviving multiple traps before Spoke flees. On the way out he's attacked again, and obtains netherite leggings, completing his set.

Flame's base is destroyed by a group of players led by 
Razor2gud
, who continually harass him. He finds their base and kills them, finding a map showing a dozen other bases of the same team. The first base he raids gives him TNT, which he uses to destroy all future bases. Razor jumps him with another army, but he uses TNT minecarts to kill them all, then goes on a base-destroying spree before finally arriving at the last, Razor's castle. Razor challenges him to a 1v1 and tries to cheat, prompting Flame to kill everyone, Razor included.

Flame’s 
dog
 is kidnapped. He follows them to their giant base, which is divided into sections, each one inhabited by so-called masters of a specific potion. Flame defeats the strength, poison, swiftness, harming, underwater, and glowing groups before coming to the final one. 
T0X1N
, the leader of the team, jumps Flame with his minions, but Flame kills everyone except for him. Toxin threatens to kill Ashen, forcing Flame to drop all his things to try and kill him, but Flame survives and 1v1s Toxin, killing him just before he can kill Ashen. They leave together.

Flame gets ambushed by more players, but he kills them all. While looking for a new base, he finds 
Lomedy’s
 farm, and forcibly moves in. More players attack, and one drops a compass that leads to the base of the leader, VEN0M, a former diamond player. Flame beats him but fails to kill him, and returns home. More players attack, with actual skill, and Flame wins only due to Lomedy giving him a mace. Lomedy builds TNT cannons to assault Venom’s base, while Flame goes in and kills everyone. He wins a 1v1 with Venom despite having half armor, killing him, and gives Lomedy both the maces before leaving.