The 
Treasure Arc
 is an arc in 
Unstable Universe
. Chronologically, it follows up on 
The Director Arc
, happens concurrently with 
Fake Identity Arc
, 
Skill vs Power Arc
, and is followed by 
Kings Arc
.

Story

ParrotX2
 takes an End portal to spawn after escaping 
Paragon
. Withers are everywhere, but his old friend 
TheobaldTheBird
 saves him and takes him to 
Capital City 2.0
, led by 
Reddoons
. Parrot runs a shop there, but it soon becomes a smuggling business, as citizens pay the duo to get their friends from spawn to Capital City. They continually come into conflict with 
Boosfer
. Eventually, Reddoons finds out about this, and asks Parrot to save his friend 
Hexatope
. Parrot agrees, on the condition that Reddoons forgive the debt of everyone in the city, to which he agrees. They successfully save Hexatope, and everyone celebrates for their completely eliminated taxes.

Parrot and Theo hear about the lost city of Verdaria, rumored to be home to amazing treasures. They successfully solve the first few clues, but Boosfer is after the treasure too. He finally corners them and forces them to help him, but they hit a dead end, since the final clue was apparently destroyed to stop 
ClownPierce
 from getting it. Boosfer leaves, but Parrot figures out the real final clue, and they find Verdaria, loading up their happy ghast 
Sky
 to carry all the treasure away, with the intention of distributing it to the players.

Parrot and Theo hear about a treasure in the 
Great Sea
. They head there and meet 
TheLobsterMan
, who takes them prisoner along with 
Boomie
. They escape, inadvertently helped by 
an invisible player
. They follow a couple more clues before Lobster's group catches up again, trying to use Boomie as leverage to get a clue from Parrot. Parrot manages to get them both out, but splits off from Theo after an argument over their plans for the treasure. The invisible player kills Boomie, and Parrot finds the treasure, making up with Theo and heading off, but secretly planning revenge on the invisible player.

Parrot plans to steal from ClownPierce's vault next. While in the Nether, he meets 
FlameFrags
, who's also looking for Clown, and they team up. Flame and Theo successfully kidnap 
FerreMC
, Clown's right-hand man, but Parrot lets him escape as part of a plan to track him. He and Theo talk, and he reveals he's planning to betray Flame, but Flame overhears this and brings Clown to the location. Clown lets him say his last words, and Parrot apologizes to Flame, causing Flame to switch sides. Parrot escapes and finds the vault by following Clown, but Clown catches him. He escapes with barely any gear and returns to Capital City with Theo. Flame shows up in his shop and hires him to find 
Wemmbu
.

Parrot decides to impersonate Wemmbu, thinking he’s the invis player from before. He successfully gets the real invis player to show up, fighting him multiple times before he kills Sky with a mace, confirming his identity. Parrot sets up a trap in Capital City, which works, but Flame doesn’t show up, allowing Wemmbu to escape. Parrot decides to channel 
the Director
, and sets up one final trap, which works flawlessly, getting Wemmbu into an inescapable cell along with Flame. His work done, Parrot gets coords to the loot stash Flame promised him, then leaves.

Parrot and Theo head out to the loot stash, left over by 
The Invisible Mafia
. Once there, they witness 
Marlowww
, the guard, kill a group of bandits, and help one escape. He brings them to an End base, where Parrot gambles against 
Rasplin
 for the key to access the treasure. Marlow shows up and kills Rasplin, and Parrot and Theo flee back to her island. They manage to steal the key from Marlow and sneak inside, where Theo supposedly sacrifices himself to Marlow so Parrot can escape. Parrot finds Marlow's room, and learns that she's guarding the stash to protect people, since if a single item is taken stasis chambers will activate and kill hundreds of people who were once part of the Mafia. Parrot leaves without taking anything, and swear off treasure hunting as he and Theo return home.

Episodes in this Arc

Thumbnail

Title

Uploader

Link

The Unstable SMP Experience

Parrot

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4He0k2FSx7Q

The Search for Minecraft's Lost Kingdom

Parrot

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iH-skNpydl4

The Search for Minecraft's Sunken Empire

Parrot

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwlWTKGUBoQ

The Hunt for Minecraft's Deadliest Vault

Parrot

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WgJtDIyF0dA

Hunting a Minecraft Player Who Shouldn't Exist

Parrot

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8W0J7SzuZ8

Finding the Tomb of the Minecraft Mafia

Parrot

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=irwCY0qNEHg