No matter what you place, no matter what you try, no matter how far you run... nothing's going to work. I am a god. I am immortal.
— 
TruOriginal
 to 
BAT
 to in 
I Got Hunted by a Minecraft Hacker

TruOriginal
 was a minor antagonist featured in 
Unstable Universe
 during 
the Director Arc
.

History

TruOriginal first appeared as a mysterious "hacker" hired by 
The Director
 to eliminate 
Parrot
 and the 
Bounty Assassin Team
 (BAT). He was first encountered in a completely destroyed town, which he claimed to have leveled simply out of boredom. From the start, he demonstrated abilities far beyond a normal player, including teleportation, walking on water, and the ability to morph into other players to deceive his targets.

Throughout his hunt, he proved to be a nearly unstoppable force. During a confrontation in a flower field (owned by 
R4trick
 and 
F1nlo
), the team discovered his only notable weakness: Cobwebs, which managed to slow him down despite his hacks. However, TruOriginal's ego grew rapidly; he eventually proclaimed himself "way above The Director," abandoning his original orders to keep Parrot alive and instead attempting to kill the entire team for his own amusement.

In a desperate final stand at 
BAT Headquarters
, the team lured him into a false sense of security. While TruOriginal believed he had trapped them, 
Nufuli
 used a Mirror Receiver to trigger a maximum-power blast from the 
Orbital Strike Cannon
. TruOriginal was caught in the center of the explosion, which destroyed the base and presumably killed him. He was seen wielding a 
mace
, which was destroyed along with him in the blast.

Trivia

He was one of the few 
mace
 wielders.

TruOriginal's full list of powers was immense. Not only could he alter his speed to ludicrous values and fly, but he could take on the appearance of other players and create false duplicates of himself. He could also mine multiple blocks at a time and walk on water, and he was even able to slow down time and swap his location with that of another player. He was possessed of a "kill aura" and could instantly remove all of the items in a player's inventory when they hit him. Some of his dialogue hinted that he had a full list of hacks that he could modify at will.

These hacks arent actually possible 
at all
 as they are too overpowered, requiring admin powers to even be possible.

He is known to hack or act as hacker on many other SMPs.

Gallery

Thumbnails

Navigation