temu avengers
— 
Wemmbu

Unstable SMP: The LAW
 is the 114th episode featured in Unstable Universe. This marks the end of 
Wemmbu
's perspective of 
The Kings Arc
.

Plot

The episode starts off with the events of the previous episode, 
LettuceK
 threatens 
Wemmbu
 that if he ever crosses him or 
The Law
 again, he would ban 
Jaden
 off of the server. Wemmbu thinks about shooting a stab shot directly at Lettuce, instead he flies away. He meets up back with 
eggchan
 at an 
old base
 they built underground and he catches egg up with whats been happening. Wemmbu spots invis particles in their enchantment table and blocks it off and threatens to blow them up unless they reveal their identity. Egg says they've been chill and the person drinks milk, revealing to be 
JumperWho
. She explains that she's friends with Jaden and that Lettuce is going to execute him no matter what. She tasks Wemmbu to free him from the prison before Lettuce does so. Wemmbu agrees to do so and tells egg to meet him at 
FlameFrags
' base while he nukes the prison. Wemmbu flies over to Flame's base and sees Flame readying up for something, the both of them have the same goal in common, which is to break a friend out of prison, and so they team up to kill all the lawmen over at Law HQ.

They head over to the Law HQ and a fight breaks out, 
SargeLAW
 commands the guards and team kills most of the lawmen with his minecarts rather than doing damage to either Flame or Wemmbu. The two kill off every guard except SargeLAW. Wemmbu picks up a dead lawman's netherite armor and caused mass destruction on the entire place. Wemmbu tells Flame where Lomedy is located while he sits up top and keeps an eye out for more guards. He goes up a floor of the building he's in to Lettuce's office and takes a peek at a book sitting on the lectern, it's Lettuce's old book where he talks about being a side character in an 
unstable universe
 and wishes to have control of his own life
,
 having been written all the way back in the 
Sky Civilization
 days. He takes the book and hears a lawman spying on him underneath and kills them, he sits on top of a roof until he hears the Law's horn, more lawmen barge into the HQ as well as Lettuce. Wemmbu immediately starts stab shotting the lawmen and Lettuce asks what Wemmbu is doing, Wemmbu says he's a bystander and that he's only fighting back because it's self defense. He then shifts his focus on killing lawmen, but once his totem pops, he quickly flies out of the base and Lettuce chases him. Wemmbu says he had no choice in coming over because Lettuce was going to kill Jaden no matter what and asks what he's ever done to Lettuce to deserve everything. Lettuce says Wemmbu has killed his friends and destroyed every civilization that he joined and Wemmbu joined after. Lettuce says he's not a hero, but he needs to do what needs to be done. Wemmbu says he's trying to bring order to a server where it doesn't belong, Lettuce says he's going to prove everyone wrong and pulls the fishing rod, but a death message with Jaden's name doesn't show up. Seconds later, Jaden, 
Spoke
, Jumper, and 
PrinceZam
 come to them and attempts to kill Lettuce. Another wave of guards come to assist Lettuce, but it's not enough. Lettuce flies away from the fight, Wemmbu tries to follow, but runs out of rockets and tries to do the infinite fly method, but it's too slow to continue the chase. He goes back to the group and Spoke explains the plan on finding 
Parrot
 and he brings them all to his Amplified castle.

They get to the castle where 
Mapicc
 and 
MinuteTech
 are already there, Spoke gathers them all up and tells them the overall plan, one of Jumper's invisible spies comes and gives her a book, which tells them all information saying that The Law has lawmen coming to a remote location the opposite direction of where spawn is located and it may be where Parrot is. Wemmbu agrees to help Parrot, as soon as Jumper gives the coordinates out, Wemmbu immediately flies over to the island. By the time he lands, Spoke is already there before him. The group of lawmen that Jumper's spy was talking about starts to arrive, Wemmbu sets off an orbital and Spoke tells Wemmbu to start fighting, but Wemmbu gets stubborn and decides not to help fight. It's only until Flame pulls up when Wemmbu starts to help fight. During the aftermath, Parrot and 
Theo
 continue looting the island and get it all attached to a happy ghast. Wemmbu flies back to the castle with his Elytra while the others are still on their way back. Once everyone else is back, Parrot says that he revamped his old District 13 base to hold his army and they should converge into one. Flame pulls Wemmbu aside and says egg may have gone to Flame's old base over at spawn. Wemmbu goes to the old base and finds egg in front of the base, egg says he's ready to fight, but Wemmbu says he already broke Jaden out of jail and everything, they then head off to the District 13 base. 

Wemmbu breaks the redstone door attempting to enter District 13, Parrot starts his speech when Wemmbu gets there, mentioning how The Law has affected all of them in a way and that today is the day they destroy The Law. All of them march into Northern Council, frames begin dropping the closer they get to the middle. When they arrive, Wemmbu holds back the group and gives Parrot time to talk to Lettuce first. He then flies up to get a better view, and once Parrot is done with his talk, Wemmbu sets off three orbitals and kills hundreds of lawmen in seconds. The first battle starts, but also ends relatively quickly, and so they go up to where the palace is and sees Lettuce and his commanders. They all confront Lettuce and calls him a coward, but Lettuce tells them to look behind and all his netherite guards come out from behind the watchpoint towers, commencing the second battle. Throughout this battle, Wemmbu blows up a majority of the Northern Council and kills some lawmen along the way. With Lettuce being the only one left, everyone focuses on him and breaks all of his armor, Lettuce flies away once more and Wemmbu pursues him, but runs out of rockets mid-chase. He gets wind charges from his ender chest and tries to continue chasing, Minute tries to continue chasing after him, but comes back to Wemmbu and says Lettuce had an escape route ready. On their way back, Minute says it's not bad that Lettuce was able to get away and that the server sees him for who he actually is and that he has to live knowing the mistakes that he's made. 

The two make it back to the Northern Council and give the news of Lettuce escaping, all of them sound exhausted after fighting for hours on end. Flame starts to kill Jaden to get Lomedy's mace back, Wemmbu jumps in to defend Jaden. In the middle of the fight, Lettuce comes back empty handed and surrenders. Parrot decides to spare Lettuce and brings him into the castle, Flame suggests a vote to see who wants him dead and who wants him alive, Wemmbu is the last vote and Minute stares at him, reminding him of their talk. Wemmbu goes over to Parrot's side, ending the vote in a tie, so they encase Lettuce in an obsidian cage. Wemmbu hands Lettuce his old sky civilization book as a reminder and Lettuce calls him cruel. Wemmbu grabs egg and they head out of the castle, Parrot asks where they're headed next, egg says the library, but Wemmbu says otherwise and heads off.  They run on the highway and see Flame in the distance, Wemmbu asks what his problem is with Jaden and Flame explains that Jaden's mace belongs to another friend. Flame asks where they're headed, Wemmbu says he has an idea and turns right from the highway.

Trivia

This is the second longest post-mafia arc episode, beating 
4 Minecraft Pros VS 2500 Players
 by about 2 minutes.

Eggchan was shown to know about Flame's new base in 
How I "DIED" on a Hardcore Minecraft SMP
, but was retconned to not remember in this video.

This video was beaten by 
1000 Players Simulate PRISON in Hardcore Minecraft
 by nearly 54 minutes.