After the fall of the server's 
last civilization
, my friends and I have no choice but to build a resistance to take down the 
Invisible Mafia
 once and for all.

— 
ParrotX2
Unstable SMP: Doomsday
 is the 25th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.  

Plot

The episode begins on 
The Invisible Mafia
 invading the 
Far Lands
 civilization. After the Far Lands civilization gets destroyed by the The Mafia, Parrot, Wifies and the people are determined to defeat The Mafia. All the remaining citizens of the civilization were either hiding, dead, or joined The Mafia. Before this, Parrot had tried to get everyone they could to join them by lighting beacons but no one showed up.

Horace builds 
a bunker
 that's closer to spawn named 
District 13
 and Parrot invites 
rekrap2
, 
JumperWho
, 
Ratrick
, and others to join District 13 however while they were inviting Ratrick and Finiahn to join, Wifies places beacons and The Mafia starts attacking them. Wifies states that they're losing. After defeating the invisible players Ratrick and Finiahn join District 13. Parrot and Wifies check up on the beacons they lit before The Mafia destroyed the Far Lands however, they were destroyed. 
Kenadian
 invites 
Derapchu
 to District 13. Horace gives everyone them a tour around the base and after finishing the tour, he joins The Mafia. Horace's reason for joining The Mafia is because they let him build without letting anything get destroyed, he can see his friends again and finally, he was tired of everything he built for Parrot getting destroyed by The Mafia.

Parrot, Wifies and 
TheobaldTheBird
 infiltrate 
Mafia City
 to attempt to kill 
Ash
 until 
ClownPierce
 appears. Parrot points an arrow at Ash but he teleports away before Parrot shoots leaving Clown with no choice but to attempt to kill them. Clown uses his mace to try to mace him and for breach swapping. Theo uses carts to try to kill Clown. Upon near death they run away and return to District 13 until they notice a new member named Yusai join. Yusai is a new member hence why he doesn't have any armour. Parrot gives him 23 iron and he crafts a full set of iron armour (24 iron is required to make a full set or iron armour). Parrot kills Yusai thinking that he is affiliated with The Mafia.

Parrot and Wifies then check out 
Spawn
 until they notice members of The Mafia destroying it and constructing an obsidian box. They also find 
Spoke
 and 
Mapicc
 who were also checking out spawn. Parrot and Wifies then run away but Spoke and Mapicc chase after them to ask them if they know what the Mafia is and Parrot and Wifies tell them they do. Spoke then reveal to Parrot and Wifies that he infiltrated the Mafia and he was on a 
mission to try to kill Parrot, Wifies and Dean while they were in a trial chamber
. Spoke mentions Ash's desire board and while they list the civilizations in the board they try to figure out what The Withered is. Spoke mentions that he was on a mission to kill 
iMajesticRose
 and assumes that the house that she built with 
BeckyTronVIII
 was The Withered so they go to the house only to find a 
diamond player
 destroying the house. 

They follow the diamond player and eventually they find a town and a guy with full iron armour. Parrot, Wifies, Spoke and Mapicc intimidate him and he says that he already gave The Mafia everything he had. Spoke asks Quackenstein if he knows what the Mafia is but he lies to them and says that he doesn't. Quackenstein then tours them around his town and they notice a grave that they made for Rose. Parrot and Mapicc confront Spoke about the Rose's death. Mapicc states that they have a connection to the Mafia because why would Ash just want her dead. Parrot and Wifies leave to let Spoke and Mapicc deal with everything. Wifies claims that Quackenstein is the diamond player because they followed the diamond player just to find him. 

After waiting for a long time, Spoke tells Parrot and Wifies that he found a book that may potentially lead to the stasis chamber named "Mafia Eyes" and is signed by Ash and because of this Parrot invites him and Mapicc to District 13 and tells them the news. They begin partying now that that they have hope that The Mafia is going to end until Spoke gives them a book named "The Gateway". The book only contains greater than (<) and less than (>) signs. No one knew what the signs meant and Spoke thought someone there would. Spoke and Mapicc argue with the rest of District 13 over the book and they get kicked out of District 13 for spreading "false hope", everyone except for Wifies leaves District 13 due to minimal progress with some of them even joining The Mafia.

Parrot finds 
ManePear
's destroyed base and finds 
Wemmbu
 and 
Eggchan
. Parrot asks Wemmbu if The Mafia was responsible for destroying his base, Wemmbu responds saying that Clown was responsible. Parrot tells Wemmbu to join District 13 to fight back against The Mafia and ClownPierce. Wemmbu tells Parrot that he's only joining District 13 to kill Clown. Parrot invites Wemmbu to the District 13 and tells Wemmbu that he needs him to distract ClownPierce because he wants to kill Ash. Wemmbu then tells him he needs a mace to do so, because of this they make a trap and light a beacon to bait Mafia members into showing up. They get jumped by a bunch of Mafia members and the diamond player and after killing all of them except for the diamond player, they trigger the trap and the diamond player falls into their trap. They kill the diamond player after a while. Upon returning to District 13, Wemmbu abandons them, telling them that he doesn't need them anymore now that he has a mace. He tells Eggchan he will return to take him after he kills clown. 

Parrot and Wifies infiltrate Mafia City again. They fly to each rank's towns and pretend to be the trim the town is based off of. They eventually reach Ash's castle and they find Ash and a 
copper player
 in the castle. Ash notices that the "diamond players" aren't holding their maces. Parrot tells Wifies to kill Ash and he points an arrow at him again. Ash tells Parrot that if he kills him, everyone in The Mafia is going to die including Ratrick, 
Kenadian
, 
Wato
, etc. Parrot tells Wifies to try to kill Ash again. Ash tells Parrot that your morals make you weak and they arent the first people to try to kill him and he's sick of it. He tells them that if they don't join The Mafia in 24 hours he will kill both of them before Parrot and Wifies leave Ash's castle. As Parrot and Wifies leave Mafia City they find Ratrick and Finiahn with copper eye trimmed chestplate. They ask Parrot and Wifies if they joined The Mafia but Parrot responds telling them that they tried to kill Ash. Ratrick and Finiahn tell Parrot and Wifies that they drowned someone's cat and threaten to kill them if they try to save it because they were messing with The Mafia. Parrot gets disappointed in them and runs away.

Parrot and Wifies run 1 million blocks away from Mafia City to a snow biome and they build a house. While building the house, Wifies then tells Parrot to tame a dog and they also make traps. After a while, they finish the house and all the traps. Ash finds them and leaves them a sign that says "found you" indicating that he found them. Parrot breaks the sign and they start to panic. Ash and a diamond player overhear their conversation and ring a bell 12 times since Wifies mentioned that it's been 12 hours since they ran away. Parrot spots them but because of the snow he can barely see them and they get away. They try to move on from the incident when they Parrot and Wifies have a conversation about why Wifies cares about the beacon so much. Wifies explains that it's more than just making a point and call for help but instead it's a sign that there are people willing to fight The Mafia and the beacons are the opposite of The Mafia wearing invisibility. He tells them that the beacon is a sign that people don't have to live kneeling anymore. Parrot tells Wifies that everyone is now either in The Mafia or hiding which isn't enough to take down The Mafia and then also tells Wifies that anyone who joins The Mafia is evil because they killed Dean and Luigi. Wifies denies that stating that the majority of people who are forced into joining or else they will be killed. Wifies tells Parrot to keep lighting beacons because they haven't lost. 

Upon returning to their house Ash and a diamond player appear and Parrot tries to kill him once again. Ash tells Parrot that he is done with Parrot trying to kill him and gives both him and Wifies an invisibility potion and forces them to join The Mafia within 10 minutes. Wifies tells Parrot that he is going to join the Mafia so that Parrot gets time and he gets more information about The Mafia. After joining The Mafia Ash taunts Parrot by stating that The Mafia is going to take over the server and tells the diamond player to get his squadron and hunt Parrot down if he doesn't return.  

After Parrot returns to District 13 Spoke and Parrot discuss about how they can use the spawn prison to find the stasis chamber. After they make it to the spawn prison they realize its not a small obsidian box anymore. They plan to break in to the prison using an end portal while Wemmbu and Eggchan distract the guards from above. Parrot, Spoke and Mapicc go to the end and into the spawn prison. They pretend to be guards in the prison until they find Wato and Kenadian in the spawn prison. Kenadian leaves to fix the spawn prison entrance while Wato leads them to the place where new players throw their pearls.  

They follow where the pearls would be thrown and find sandstone halls. While exploring the sandstone halls, Parrot, Spoke and Mapicc spy on a diamond player transporting the pearls. They get caught and they run away from the invisible players. After Parrot loses them, they split up. Parrot finds 
a guard
 transporting pearls and he forces the guard to unmute, the guard tells him that that he's transporting pearls because he was told by The Mafia. Parrot tells the guard to take him to where he's supposed to bring the pearls. Parrot doesn't believe him much so he tries to kill him again. The guard tells Parrot that the place he lead him to was where he was supposed transport the pearls to and that he doesn't get anything from doing it. Parrot asks the guard why he joined the server. The guard tells Parrot that he thought it would be a cool server to join but so far it hasn't been for him because all he has done was transporting pearls, he never even entered the nether. Parrot tells him that he's helping a force of evil by transporting despite the guard not knowing what they have done. Parrot tells him that 
Dean
, one of his best friends 
was killed by The Mafia
. He asks the guard what type of Mafia member is he if he hasn't destroyed anything or ruin others' lives. The guard responds telling him that he's just a player. Parrot then tells him that he cannot kill him and walks away. 

Parrot then finds Wemmbu and Wato and they get out of the halls. Parrot tells them he's going to stop by a different location. After Parrot arrives to the house that he and Wifies made, Parrot is confused on why Wifies isn't responding to him until Ash shows up and starts taunting Parrot. Parrot tells Ash that him using Wifies' stasis chamber as leverage is pathetic. Ash responds telling him that the only way the server can thrive is if everyone is unified under one cause and Wifies understands that hence why he left him if it even is Wifies. He then continues to taunt Parrot before forcing him to splash invisibility again. Wifies shakes his head telling Parrot not to. Parrot tells Ash that he would never join The Mafia, Ash then pulls Wifies' stasis and kills him. Ash asks Parrot why he thinks The Mafia wears invisibility just like when he told Parrot where the Far Lands civilization was, Parrot replies calling him a coward which angers Ash. Ash calls Parrot wasted potential before ordering the diamond player to kill him. Parrot gets jumped by the diamond player and he barely managed to trap him using the mines he had set with Wifies earlier. 

Parrot returns to District 13 and tells everyone that Wifies got killed by Ash but Spoke tells Parrot that he found the stasis chamber and the book with "<" and ">" signs was actually the map that leads to the stasis chamber. Parrot tells Spoke to mine the soul sand that each stasis pearl join. However, they get unexpectedly jumped by The Mafia. They killed the diamond player and every other Mafia member in the fight, successfully winning the fight. Parrot tells Spoke to mine the stasis chamber because he has a plan.  

Parrot arrives to the 
Far Lands
 civilization after The Battle of Stasis one last time to light a beacon. Before he lights the beacon he gets reminded of his conversation with Wifies regarding the beacons. Parrot starts lighting beacons all over the server and Mafia members start drinking milk. The guard transporting the pearls also surfaces and drinks milk, removing his invisibility. Parrot and Wifies have one last talk, Wifies tells Parrot not to die due to his tendency of doing stupid things without any proper planning leading to near death moments. Parrot thanks Wifies for being his friend and Wifies fades away.

Spoke visits Parrot's house and tells him that watching all the Mafia members drinking milk and getting rid of their invisibility was a beautiful moment, Parrot asks him if Ash is dead. Spoke tells him that he isn't dead and tells him where Ash lives. Parrot goes into the farlands to visit Ash. He tells Ash that he forgives him for all the people he killed including Wifies. Ash responds telling Parrot that he didn't kill WIfies and that there's an extremely powerful player who never revealed themselves but they call themselves "
The Director
". He says that The Director was responsibly for killing Wifies and he called Parrot pathetic for thinking that he will kill The Director. Parrot leaves the farlands not believing Ash.