minecraft war
— 
Wemmbu

Unstable SMP: The Mafia
 is the 26th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. This marks the end of 
Wemmbu
's perspective in Season 1.

Plot

The video starts off with 
Wemmbu
 and 
eggchan
 hanging out in 
ManePear
's 
treehouse
. 
ClownPierece
 and 
Ferre
 unexpectedly come and burn the whole tree down. They start attacking Wemmbu and egg, causing their resources to dwindle. Egg manages to escape first, letting him be able to create an escape tunnel for Wemmbu. The two manage to escape through the Nether and hide out for 24 hours until the coast is clear. They go back to the treehouse, staring at the remains of it. Wemmbu vows to kill Clown because of what he has done.

Parrot
 appears behind the two, asking them to join his team again. A flashback appears of Parrot asking them to join prior to the attack, and Wemmbu rejecting Parrot every time. Parrot tells Wemmbu that their interests are aligned by the fact that Wemmbu wants to kill Clown and that Parrot wants to destroy the Mafia.

Parrot leads Wemmbu and Egg to District 13 and devises a plan to take down 
Ashswagg
. However, Wemmbu doesn't care. Parrot then tells Wemmbu he should be the one to distract Clown, or at least give them enough time to go through with their plan. Wemmbu requests to get him to fight a diamond trim Mafia player with a Mace he'll go along with their plan.

Wemmbu, Egg, Parrot, and 
Wifies
 go to a beach near spawn to set up a fall trap. Wifies sets up a beacon that alerts nearby Mafia members to their location. Eventually, a Mafia player shows up, but it was a non-trim. The second wave arrives, only an iron trim and a few non-trim show up. They kill the Mafia members with ease. After a while longer, a diamond trim finally shows up with other trimmed players as well. The fight lasts a while, once the diamond trim is alone they set the trap off. They all manage to corner the diamond trim, and as the diamond trim tries to escape, Parrot gets the kill.

They all go back to the District 13 base when Parrot and Wemmbu start arguing, both of them trying to take credit for obtaining the mace. Wemmbu says after getting the mace, he has no point in helping Parrot anymore. Before heading off, Parrot tells Wemmbu where Clown could be located. Wemmbu flies to Clown's castle and pots up for a fight. He sneaks into the castle, but almost blows his cover by breaking a sand block, causing the others to fall. He then jumps Clown and Ferre. After all his armor breaks and his restocks run out, he decides to flee from the battle. Clown and Ferre chase, but not for long.

Wemmbu decides to go back to District 13, only to find nobody is there. He then revisits Mane's treehouse again, meeting back up with Egg. Egg tells Wemmbu he has a plan, and the two go fishing. Eggchan suddenly teleports away, and Ferre whispers to Wemmbu that he has Egg held hostage in the jungle temple near the treehouse and to return back. Ferre tells Wemmbu that he was assigned to kill him. If Wemmbu dies, Ferre would let Egg free. Egg tells Wemmbu to "execute order 36", which is their secret code to set off a trap. Dozens of TNT minecarts go off, killing the two gold trim players that were with Ferre immediately. However, Ferre survives. Wemmbu and Egg fight off Ferre, eventually breaking all his armor. Wemmbu tries to get the mace off of Ferre, but Ferre stashes it in his ender chest and tries to fly away before Wemmbu could kill him. Caught one last time, Ferre hands over the mace for Wemmbu to spare his life.

Egg says his actual plan was to stasis back and put a beacon where their treehouse was and pretend to be a Mafia member. Egg then advises Wemmbu to rejoin Parrot, since working with other players makes him stronger. The two head back to District 13, but were met with 
Spoke
 and 
Mapicc
 instead. As they asked each other why they were looking for Parrot, Parrot appears. Parrot tells Spoke the reason why the resistance left was because of Spoke. Wemmbu and Egg build a house inside the base while they argue. Meanwhile, Spoke devises a plan to destroy the Mafia without having to kill Ash.

All of them head to spawn, Wemmbu's objective is to distract all the Mafia so the others can break in. Wemmbu says they need a team name and Spoke suggests "Team Unstable". Wemmbu tries to break into the prison, but remembers that they're supposed to be distractions. They head up to the top of the prison, and trimmed players spot them and begin to attack. Wemmbu easily kills all of them with his mace. While contemplating dropping down into the prison and freeing any new players, more guards come and jump them. Wemmbu kills all but one iron trim, telling him to call for backup.

A third wave of Mafia members show up, and realizing they can't win the fight, they fly away. Wemmbu escapes for a second, only to be found again. He has no other choice but to jump into the hole. He meets up with 
Wato
, who isn't an actual Mafia member, and they make up for Wemmbu ditching Wato in Sky Civilization. Wato shows Wemmbu around the prison, and eventually they meet up with 
Kenadian
. They find where the pearls are being moved around, Wemmbu throws a pearl in and jumps in to get it. Parrot and Wemmbu meet back up, and they get out of the prison. Parrot instructs Wemmbu and Wato to head back to District 13 while he does something else. Spoke, Mapicc, and Egg are already there waiting for them.

Parrot comes back, saddened, saying that Wifies had died. Spoke explains how he found where the ender pearls are located and how he plans on taking it down. Wemmbu builds another house while this goes down. Spoke then instructs Wemmbu to kill Clown, or at least distract him while their plan is in action. Mafia members come and raid their base, griefing it and attacking them. Egg manages to kill a diamond player. After the fight, Wemmbu realizes fighting Clown would be pointless since they're at the same position as they were when he fought the first place. Egg says to ask Clown for a fair one on one fight, and Wemmbu goes to do so.

Wemmbu goes back to Clown's castle and proposes an actual duel, since all the previous times it hasn't been a fair fight. Clown and Ferre start to argue with each other as Wemmbu and his friends stare. Ferre flies off, and the fight begins. In the end, Ferre comes back and they all stasis out. They wait at the District 13 base to see if Spoke and Mapicc come back, but get impatient. Wemmbu and Egg head off back to their treehouse.

The video ends with Wemmbu and Egg heading off to build their own base.

Trivia

This episode's title was originally "How I Survived the Minecraft Mafia" and was later changed to "Unstable SMP: The Minecraft Mafia" before getting shortened to "Unstable SMP: The Mafia".

The title was also briefly changed to "Unstable SMP: The Invisible Mafia" before getting changed back to "Unstable SMP: The Mafia."