the law doesn't cover the great sea
— 
Jaden_MAN
 to 
Wemmbu

Unstable SMP: The Battle for The Great Sea
 is the 101st episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

The Law
 has finished building their orbital strike cannon, but it would take hours to wipe out Pirate City, so 
Wemmbu
, 
eggchan
, 
Jaden
 and his 
pirates
 head towards the island where the cannon is built to destroy it. The pirates head up onto the island first, Wemmbu tells egg to back up as the first layer of defense burns down, an orbital strike lands right in between the two factions and kills a dozen players. Egg scouts out and says to jump in once all of The Law's traps get set off. Wemmbu's objective is to destroy the cannon, not needing to fight, there are too many of them to kill off, and it didn't help that they used slow falling to prevent him from using the mace. Wemmbu realizes most of the pirates were dead and he was the Pirate's only hopes of surviving. He flies towards the cannon but is maced out of the air by 
LettuceK
, they both drop down and Lettuce says he's close to stopping Wemmbu and calls his group of allies, 
Deputy_Ace
, 
the_Ouroboros
, 
TheG0dOfWar
, and 
SargeLAW
. Wemmbu threatens to mace all of them and pots up, all of them seem to back up from Wemmbu, as he's about to head into the fight, Lettuce activates a machine that sends a massive amount of Breezes, launching him millions of blocks out. Wemmbu shields the attack and hits an island with a watchtower, stopping his momentum.

Wemmbu explores the tower and finds a book that talks about islands and civilizatiosn all around the 
Great Sea
, he finds a map that tells him where the tower is and where the hidden 
Atlantis
 treasure is, so he boats towards the direction of it. He finds the hidden treasure that was unlooted by 
Parrot
, but none of it would help him traverse the Great Sea. Wemmbu rereads the book and discovers that there's a layer underneath the temple, he finds the hidden door and opens it, he swims down under and meets two players that live there and asks for a riptide trident. They say they need theirs in order to move around, Wemmbu sounds impatient and thought about killing them for their tridents, but is reminded of the rare item collector and decides not to kill them for it. The two ask Wemmbu to help kill off the elder guardians that protected the temple so they could build again, Wemmbu agrees to if that meant he'd get a trident, so he goes up and digs the floor of the temple and kills all of the elder guardians, mending his Elytra and maces in the process. He goes down and asks for any gear and the trident, they give him a turtle helmet and says they got their trident a long time ago. They mention somebody named old man Linn who would give him a trident, they give Wemmbu the general direction of the island, and so Wemmbu sails off.

Wemmbu arrives at a massive island with big wizard-like towers, he goes to the main tower and finds a player named 
Linnwyrm
, the player that the two were talking about. Wemmbu asks for a trident and Linn asks what's it to him, so Wemmbu describes his situation and mentions the book. Linn asks to see it and Wemmbu gives it. Linn says that he wrote the book himself and lost it, he says because Wemmbu returned the book back to him and sees how Wemmbu didn't kill the builders for their tridents, he gives Wemmbu his own trident in return, he then takes Wemmbu to his armory to regear for battle. Wemmbu takes some resources, the netherite sets and puts trims on one before heading back.

Wemmbu makes it back to the original island, seeing The Law had completely revamped it and made a huge base to protect the cannon. He kills some of the lawmen that spotted him and attempts to dig into the base while having mining fatigue and Deputy_Ace attacks him before he could break the first block. A fight breaks out between Wemmbu and The Law, Deputy_Ace mentions how Jaden surrendered to The Law. Lettuce and his group arrive, Lettuce says that the Pirates are gone and there's nothing to fight for, so Wemmbu tries to prove it by popping a totem which clears all effects and breaks into the first layer of the base. He's unable to do anything while three people are attacking him at once, so he breaks out and riptides and flies back to Pirate City. Back at Pirate City, it seems to be deserted, he looks around for players and sees players huddled up in front of the main tower. Egg and the few remaining pirates are there, Wemmbu asks what happened to the city and egg explains that Jaden got captured and the rest had to retreat. Egg tells Wemmbu to lead the rest of them and how they were thinking about building their own TNT cannon to destroy it. Wemmbu gives his idea of sneaking in to find Jaden and destroy the cannon while the Pirates distracted the lawmen guards.

They boat towards the island, Wemmbu and egg use their invis potion and swim towards the island. Wemmbu tries breaking through the walls, but gets struck with mining fatigue, as well as the inner layer of the walls being built with obsidian. With no other way to dig through, Wemmbu gives egg wind charges and the two make it over the watchpoint. Wemmbu digs underneath the main base and hears Deputy_Ace mention that the cannon is done in ten minutes, so they have to commence the attack immediately. Wemmbu kills a Law guard, signaling for the Pirates to come in and distract. Wemmbu and egg try to stealthily sneak in, but the_Oroboros spots them and attacks, Wemmbu blocks egg in obsidian to break into the base without getting attacked, which failed. Wemmbu tries to tell egg to go inside of the base, but the entrance gets blocked off. both of them get their armor durability drained, sand so they head out of the base and onto the shore, egg says Linn is there to hand over items to Wemmbu and holds The Law off in the meantime. Linn gives Wemmbu a new set of netherite armor and advises Wemmbu to use the spear, Wemmbu asks Linn to help fight, but Linn declines due to him being a pacifist. Wemmbu crafts the spear and impales the lawmen. More troops start coming from the distance, Wemmbu uses both the spear and his mace to kill off the lawmen, he runs out of rockets which turned the outcome of the fight. It begins to rain shortly after, and Wemmbu riptides back towards the base and spears off tons of lawmen guards protecting the entrance of the base. He opens up a door using a key and tries to lock himself in to find the cannon, but the lawmen manages to barge in, so Wemmbu flies out and goes back to egg. Egg tells Wemmbu to place the TNT minecart, but Wemmbu lost the rails, so they craft some quickly. They detonate the TNT minecart, exposing the cannon, they break a few components of the cannon and it blows itself up, then leave quickly after. Lettuce asks Deputy_Ace why he didn't set off the cannon, Deputy_Ace stares at Wemmbu while he escapes, not attempting to fight back.

Wemmbu and egg head back to Pirate City, they realize that they're the only ones left and agree to leave Pirate City in order to keep it alive. They then head back to the Farlands to replenish Wemmbu's strikes. 

Trivia

This is the second time the spear has been shown in an Unstable video, but first to show the spear in action.

Although the spear has officially been added into the game, a mod was still used to add spears for the video, as the video was recorded before spears were added.

The orbital strike cannon is one of cubicmetre's designs, but was modified to work differently on Unstable.

This is the first time Wemmbu isn't holding a mace in the thumbnail since 
I Explored an Abandoned Minecraft Civilization
.