Purgatory
 is the largest prison in all of Minecraft. Over 1,000 players on the Unstable SMP have been trapped inside, but today, I plan to face off against Jamato and free every last player.
— 
SpokeIsHere

Unstable SMP: Purgatory
 is the 143rd episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

Spoiler Alert

Purgatory
 is the largest prison ever built in Minecraft, and ever since its creation, over 10,000 players have been trapped inside the walls of Purgatory. However, 
Spoke
 plans to free every last player there. During Spoke's last escape attempt, he made it out of the prison, but only by a few blocks. He made it out of solitude, which made the prison's creator, 
JamatoP
, furious and forced him to make the prisoners 
simulate hunger games
 as a punishment. Spoke outsmarted Jamato there as well, and instead of another punishment, Jamato allows Spoke to leave back to spawn using a pearl cannon. Spoke pearls into the arena before the cannon launched the other pearl, successfully tricking Jamato once more. Spoke digs underneath the arena to hide, but a 
Null commander
 spawns from a portal behind him. 

The commander tells Spoke that Jamato doesn't know he's here and tells Spoke to trust him, and offering to help Spoke. The commander tells Spoke that there is so much that he doesn't know about Null and the arena is going to be all fixed up for the next round of the hunger games, and telling Spoke to take off all his armor so his identity can stay secret and not be spotted by the Null guards. The Null guards remove all the player-made structures, and rebuild the arena like how it was, and the commander says that it isn't the first time they had done this. Spoke asks how the commander had found him in the arena, thinking everyone saw Spoke using the pearl cannon to go back to Spawn. The commander then reveals that he had been monitoring Spoke for some time, and how he defied everything Jamato's thrown at him, and saying Jamato's dumb to think that Spoke just left and Spoke would obviously pull another string. Spoke asks the commander why he didn't just report it to Jamato and just get it finished, and he reveals that Null works in a different way and the leader, Jamato, is the strongest of them, but he fell from how he once was. Spoke says that he was going to come up with the plan in the cave, but then a nether portal appeared so it was difficult to think. The commander says that Jamato's army knows everything and Spoke is the first person to outsmart him. He leads Spoke to the stony mountains, which no one usually comes to, and tells Spoke that it's his best shot at staying hidden. He makes Spoke get underground before the rest of NULL comes to clean up, as the next round of the games will begin soon. Spoke uses an invisibility potion and builds a bunker in the stony mountains. The commander says that he is going against Jamato because Spoke has outsmarted Jamato over and over, believing that Spoke is truly stronger and only wanting the strongest player to lead Null. The commander later helps Spoke build a bunker and tells Spoke to use a firework if he ever needs them and tells Spoke once the game begins, Spoke is on his own to figure out how to defeat Jamato. Giving him five invisibility potions he leaves through a portal. Spoke makes goals and continues building his bunker until the first horn blows. He gets into position near the center with some invisibility. 

When the games begin, Spoke spectates when the game starts: trying to not get him in the chaos, trying not to be seen, and trying to get full diamond armor. He does not use his mace as it will reveal his identity, and has to kill them using another method, lava. He uses it to kill someone with diamond boots and takes it. He then finds a player with a diamond helmet and caught him off guard as he is the only one with invisibility potions. He comes across a player with diamond leggings, but they have a team so he leaves them alone. He locks his eyes on a full diamond player who is part of a very large team. Spoke sneaks on them and uses dripstones to take someone else with a piece of diamond armor out, but staches it off the ground before he can. Spoke thinks of another way to take it out and goes to an underground part of the civilization. He spleefs the full diamond player into a trap and Spoke kills him with lava, getting the leggings and boots, but losing the chestplate and his lava in the process. He escapes the basement by pillaring up. After escaping, he tries to steal a diamond chestplate from a killed player but loses it again. His invisibility runs out and he digs underground to drink his last one. 

Spoke returns to the bunker and uses the firework to call the commander. Spoke tells them the progress he made including "full" diamond armor, even though he is missing the chestplate. He asks when he can see Jamato, and fighting him with a mace, saying he only needs an opportunity where he is above Jamato and macing him. Spoke then requests some items from the commander, which includes a stack of enchanted golden apples because his priority is food since he doesn't have any. The commander tells him to make a farm and that he will be away for some time, and that he cannot take on Jamato alone even with a mace, and he needs an army if he wants to do so. Spoke decides to get seeds but he is out of invisibility potions so he uses ender pearls to go around. He breaks what he thinks is grass, but eventually releases it's not actually grass. He takes a gamble and sneaks up on a team and steals their seeds.

Spoke comes back to the bunker, finding the commander replacing the floor. The commander gives him some of what he requested, including a stack of bread, more invisibility potions, blocks, and a singular wither skull. Spoke discusses how to take down Jamato with the commander, to which the commander reveals the enchanted totem controls Null, Null has been here since the start of Unstable SMP, and there have been more leaders, which is simply the strongest among them. Jamato took control by outsmarting and killing the previous leader. If the totem was popped, all the Null stasis chambers would be sent into the void. Before leaving, he adds that there are players Spoke will recognize in the arena. Spoke immediately goes out to find his friends. He comes across 
Mapicc
 being chased by a full diamond player, but he can't just speak out as it will reveal his identity. He kills the pursuer with his new lava bucket. Mapicc backs away because he thinks he will get attacked. Spoke, being anonymous, tells Mapicc to follow using signs. Spoke and Mapicc goes to the mountains. Mapicc believes that its 
JumperWho
, but Spoke reveals himself. Mapicc says he thought Spoke was at spawn, but Spoke explains his situation. Together, they kill some players Spoke suspects heard his voice and set out to find Jumper, at a treehouse. Spoke tells Jumper to follow, going to the bunker together. They discuss their plan, which is to gather as many players and diamond gear or even netherite as possible, then defeat Jamato. Mapicc says he thinks he saw Jumper somewhere, so the pair look for her. They eventually find her in a tree base with two teammates which Spoke promptly sets on fire. Mapicc pretends Spoke is his "little brother" at first but quickly switches to "older sister" because he doesn't have a younger brother. Mapicc and Spoke manage to get Jumper away from her teammates and lead her into the mountains and then to Spoke's base. They go over their course of action: Jumper is assigned to find people who can be on their team and Spoke and Mapicc go out to kill people for diamond armor. They head back to the bunker when a good chunk of both of their inventories is filled, finding about thirty people there. Mapicc says that their leader is Spoke, claiming him to be his little brother. Spoke tells everyone to go mining. Jumper questions why they haven't gone to Spawn which Spoke quickly says that they have to kill Jamato first. He gets Jumper and Mapicc to go to the surface so he can "be in his thoughts" then uses a firework to call the commander. The commander says that the walls will drop soon and this will be a good opportunity for recruiting people, and the only way they will have a chance is to mine for diamonds, then go through the portal to challenge Jamato for the totem. They give Spoke a maxed firework crossbow, and saying he's running out of time, and he can't rely too much on his friends, before disappearing again.  

After Spoke's meeting with the commander, Mapicc and Jumper returns from the surface. He tells them that the walls will drop and they need Mapicc's help to recruit as much people as possible, while Jumper stays in the mines to collect diamonds. Spoke and Mapicc go out to get people to join their cause without spicifically stating it, killing those who refuse. At one point, Spoke's invisibility ran out for a brief moment, and he kills everyone on the spot, refusing or not. Mapicc gets annoyed as they chase the final player who saw that all the diamond armor is despawning. Spoke argues that this player is more important and eventually goes to kill them himself. He fails to find the player and the commander shows up, telling Spoke that his identity was revealed because of a surviving witness, who Spoke tries to reason is either dead or not a problem, and he doesn't have much time. Spoke tells the commander what he's doing, but the commander says it isn't working and Spoke has no army.  

Spoke returns to the base and finds no one there. Eventually, he explores the Mines of Doom and discovers Jumper helping everyone escape. She explains that there's no point in challenging Jamato if they can just escape. Spoke argues that this is undermining in the plan and kills a player who walks past him. Jumper continues telling everyone to move along and reaches the outside of the wall. Spoke tries to convince her that this is a bad idea and reveals that he's seen Spawn and it's in ruin. Jumper says that out there is still better than being in 
Purgatory
. He tells her that they were only lucky they haven't been spotted yet. Jumper calls Spoke insane and leaves. Spoke goes out with some invisiblity and waits for the next wall to drop. He begins to do the exact thing he and Mapicc were doing earlier, slowly dropping his measures to keep his identity secret as he kills more people. He remarks that either Jamato kills them or he does. He kills a group of three netherite players, this time with the mace and no invisiblity, then is jumped by most of the sand biome. He kills everyone and goes back to where he had gathered his army. He tells everyone that today is the day they overthrow Jamato and escape Purgatory. As he talks, Jamato came out from a nether portal behind him. Spoke takes notice and Jamato expresses frustration with Spoke. He kills everyone on the spot with a blue wither skull orbital strike cannon; the deadliest weapon the server had ever seen then forces Spoke to go through the nether portal and to drop all his items, including his mace, to the commander. Jamato brings Spoke to the execution room and tells Spoke to stand on a stone pressure plate that, where if he steps off, an arrow cannon would activate instantly. Jamato, the commander, and the rest of Null leave Spoke alone. Just when he thought all was hopeless, a firework goes off, likely stating the commander had rigged the arrow cannon. He sees his army bridging forward and finds a shulker box containing all his gear and a book telling him to meet at the center for one final challenge.  

Spoke arrives at the center, ready to end Jamato, once and for all. He challenges Jamato for the enchanted totem. Jamato accepts thinking It'll be a 3v1, but the commander turns on Jamato and fights with Spoke. Spoke pops 
____Y____
 multiple times until their helmet brakes and eventually kills them. Spoke tells Jamato to surrender the totem, but Jamato says there's always another choice or plan. He uses his blue wither skull orbital strike cannon to destroy the entire prison. Spoke and the commander attempt to kill fighting, but it's too laggy with the cannon and they all fall down beneath the platform. Jamato falls onto a block right above the void. Spoke, the commander, and the Null army all surround Jamato and Spoke attempts to convince Jamato to give up the totem. Jamato summons a portal as his final trick, in which Mapicc comes out from. Jamato says he's going to kill Mapicc there if Spoke doesn't give up. Spoke thinks about it before apologizing, saying he'll see Mapicc another time, then wind charging his friend into the void, presumably into the Underworld. Jamato is astounded that Spoke appears to not have a shred of empathy left. Spoke and NULL cover up the void and Spoke tells him to give up his gear and totem. Jamato says that all he ever wanted was the old Spoke, the one who he would go to the ends of the earth for. Spoke tells him he knows Jamato doesn't want to die because it would mean his hard work and the history of the server would be erased. Jamato gives up his gear and the totem and Spoke repeats what Jamato said the first time his former friend did that to him: that this is a new era on the server. Spoke tells 
the commander
 to take care of Jamato then pillars away from the void as the new leader of 
NULL
, the totem in his inventory.   

Quotes

"
Mapicc, I will get you out of this, and maybe I will see you again. But for now this is goodbye.
"

— Spoke's last words to Mapicc

"
You never cease to beat my expectations in the worst way, because every plan I've had for you had relied on you having some shreds of empathy left, but there's nothing behind those eyes.
"

— Jamato to Spoke after Spoke knocks Mapicc into the void

Trivia

Spoke is notoriously known to have the longest gaps in between uploads, but this is the shortest gap between two Spoke videos, only having been a week since the last.

This is Spoke's first video to use the "Unstable SMP: ___" format.

Around the 2 hour 3 minute mark, the "Is" in Spoke's username is lowercase.

Originally, at 2 hours 19 minutes and 30 seconds, there was an editing error that allowed you to see the flashback mod being played.

Spoke references 
How I Stole 10,356,000 Duped Items
 (interestingly the first episode Mapicc is in) by pretending to be Mapicc's brother without a mic who likes being invisible. Both times was to keep Spoke's identity secret because he is the bigger target of the two, and both times Spoke's invis runs out at a crucial moment.