entire minecraft empire vs 1 tnt cannon
— 
Wemmbu

Unstable SMP: The PrinceZam Empire War
 is the 13th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.  

Plot

The episode starts off with 
Wemmbu
 and 
Eggchan
 assembling a team of players, ItsLilKae, 
LuckyMixx
, and 
Block_Facts
, to wage war on the 
Zam Empire
. He plans to use the 
orbital cannon
 that 
ParrotX2
 and 
Wifies
 helped him build to strike the empire first before attacking. He leads the team to the empire, but discovers that it has a giant obsidian roof covering the entire empire. Wemmbu ditches the orbital cannon part of the plan and his team engages into combat with the guards, 
Pangi
, 
Dol9hin
, 
loppezz
, 
LuigiToan
, 
WyLL_
, and 
What_Max
. He himself sneaks off to 
PrinceZam's
 castle to murder him. 

A fight ensues between Wemmbu and PrinceZam and his minions. He eventually manages to get himself and Zam alone in a cave. He is on the verge of killing Zam when his guards arrive. Wemmbu is trapped and PrinceZam starts taunting him on how weak he is. Wemmbu retorts that Zam can never take a fair 1 v 1; he calls his guards to do all of his dirty work. He pulls off an escape and reconvenes with Eggchan at the 
Wemmbu Civilization
. 

Horace_Altman
, a builder they hired, has renovated their empire, repairing it from the TNT and making a bigger obsidian wall around the expanding empire. Wemmbu pays him with netherite ingots he and Egg stole from the 
Treasure Hunters'
 vault. 

Wemmbu realises how outnumbered they really are and he and Eggchan form a plan to sneak into the Zam Empire again to fetch 
ManePear
, a Zam guard who betrayed, conveniently AFK during their previous fight. He theorises that with Mane’s PVP skills and knowledge of the empire, they could potentially defeat Zam. He pots invis and sneaks into the Zam Empire, distracting the guards with firework traps they set up around the empire. He frees Mane from the obsidian box he trapped him in while AFK and they escape back to the Wemmbu Civilization. 

Mane tells Wemmbu that PrinceZam will launch an attack to conquer the 
Roshambogames Civilization
. Still unsure of ManePear’s ulterior motives, he traps Mane in another obsidian box since he doesn’t have a pickaxe and decides to go check it out. If the Zam Empire is really taking over 
Ro's
 civilization, then he’ll know that Mane is telling the truth. 

Wemmbu sets an ender pearl stasis, pots invis, and heads to the Ro Civilization. He sees 
FlameFrags
 and 
Merffinn
 at the entrance, interrogating Ro. They make a deal that Flame will duel Ro. If Ro wins, his empire will be left alone. If Flame wins, then he will have to surrender everything. They head to an arena in the empire and the fight begins. Flame pulls out a wooden sword to fight Ro with, and easily gains the upper hand. All of Ro’s armour pieces except for his chestplate pop, and Wemmbu shows himself in defence of Ro. 

Wemmbu tells Flame that he’ll duel Flame instead, and heads elsewhere with Ro to prepare. He tells Ro to pack everything of value up and take the citizens somewhere safe while he distracts Flame. He returns to the arena and the duel starts. Ro finally confirms that everyone is out after a few minutes and Wemmbu stasises away. 

He meets back up with Egg and they free Mane from the obsidian box. They go to the renovated town hall and discuss their plans moving forward. Since they don’t have the manpower to take all of Zam’s guards at once, they decide to take down all of the high-ranking officers before going for Zam himself. Regarding the failed attack they launched on the Zam Empire, Zam probably wouldn’t be online without Flame anymore. They go with 
yungwillx
 first, because he is the easiest to kill and is prone to traps. He owns a castle and heads there when he isn’t working for Zam, so they decide to set a TNT minecart trap there. 

Since the Zam Empire doesn’t know that Mane betrayed yet, he will distract yungwillx while Wemmbu sets up the trap. Wemmbu fumbles with the trap, and yungwillx is confused as to why Mane is visiting him, but they manage to make it work. They escape before their cover can be blown, but they still need to activate the trap. They disguise Wemmbu as Mane and pot invis while Mane goes without armor to activate the trap. Wemmbu arrives back at yungwillx’s property and Mane types in the chat that his mom is in the room, so he is muted. He also accidentally potted invis instead of speed. However, when Mane activates the trap, it fails to kill yungwillx, and they are discovered. They engage in combat, but Zam and his guards arrive. They pop yungwillx’s armour and tell the Zam Empire forces that if they don’t leave, then they will kill yungwillx. After some debate, Zam and his guards fly off. They take yungwillx hostage and imprison him in the Wemmbu Civilization’s colony. 

Wemmbu, Mane, and Egg meet again in the town hall. Wemmbu wants to kidnap 
Peentar
, yungwillx’s closest friend on this server, next. Since Zam is probably already planning to retrieve yungwillx, they’ll leave a note for Peentar in his house telling him that if he doesn’t come alone to the Wemmbu Civilization, they’ll kill yungwillx. Egg tells Wemmbu that he shouldn’t do this, and that he’s just following in Zam’s footsteps at this point, but he doesn’t care. 

Wemmbu writes the book, telling Peentar to make a secret underground tunnel system to the Zam Empire and Zam’s castle and set a trap beneath Zam’s throne before coming to the Wemmbu Civilization. They sneak into the Zam empire and successfully finish the job, setting fire to his house in the process. 

Peentar eventually arrives and Wemmbu and Mane let him see yungwillx on the condition that he drops all of his items. However, it is a trap and they successfully imprison Peentar as well. Mane wants to just kill them both, and Wemmbu starts siding with him, but Egg protests, saying that they can still use the prisoners for leverage, and that it is morally wrong. Wemmbu finally relents, but Egg says that he still doesn’t want any part in this bloodshed. 

Wemmbu and Mane go to the Zam Empire to see if Peentar had built the tunnels and the trap. He did, in fact, build them, so they go to the trap and activate it, thinking that Zam is on the throne. Instead, the trap fails and all they accomplish is trapping 
Sorhin
, another one of Zam's guards. With a failed trap, they just decide to cover their tracks and take Sorhin prisoner. 

Once Wemmbu and Mane arrive at the Wemmbu Civilization, things take a turn for the worse. They hear lots of withers spawning, and discover that Zam has freed yungwillx and Peentar and is launching an attack on the empire. They try to fend off the Zam Empire, but their civilization is bombed all the same, like last time. They trap Wemmbu and pop everything except his chestplate, but in the end, Wemmbu surrenders and says that he’ll leave the Zam Empire alone and just mind his own business. PrinceZam spares him and gives him a second chance.

Mane, however, decides that it is a good idea to challenge FlameFrags, the Immortal Demon, to a duel to the death to see who is the stronger player once and for all. Wemmbu gears him up and they start fighting while the rest of the players spectate from the side. Before either side could win, though, Mane pauses and takes off all of his armour, seeing that he was starting to lose. Zam says that they won’t bother the Wemmbu Civilization anymore if he doesn’t bother them. 

Wemmbu pots invis, tired of Zam’s yapping, and runs away. He and Mane both escape, but before he is able to make it out, he sees Egg being held captive by Zam and his guards. Zam tells Egg that he’ll let Wemmbu go, but he’ll keep him indefinitely. Wemmbu realises that Egg is already long gone and just leaves. 

Wemmbu, Mane, and Lucky regroup on an island near the Zam Empire, which has their obsidian roof taken down, and regear themselves. They discuss their plans moving forward. Mane still wants to fight, but Wemmbu opposes him. However, there is still one way to get revenge on the Zam Empire. 

He heads into the Zam Empire and sets off a TNT bomb to catch the guards’ attention. They eventually see him and he asks to be taken to Zam. The guards lead him to the castle, and he sees Zam sitting on his throne. Zam, confused, asks why he’s here. Wemmbu replies that since his civilization is no more, and all that he can do is just play alone on this server, he might as well just create a new singleplayer survival world. In short, he wants to turn himself in. Zam sees nothing that he could do to oppose him anymore, so he takes Wemmbu down to Egg and tells him that he’ll take the liberty to imprison him with Egg as a final wish. 

Before entering the prison, Zam tells Wemmbu to clear his inventory and gives him thirty-seven cakes, thirty-six for his inventory and one for his offhand, to check that he really has a clear inventory. Wemmbu, however, outsmarts him by picking up all of the cakes and putting his ender chests, elytra, and a stack of notches in his four crafting slots. He pulls the act off, gears himself from his ender chest, frees Egg, escapes, and activates the orbital strike cannon.

Zam and his guards are shocked, and start chasing him down as TNT rains from the sky in multiple strikes, lagging the server. Egg manages to escape, and Wemmbu eventually loses Zam’s minions, leaving only him and Zam. They start fighting, and Zam berates Wemmbu for destroying everything that he worked for from the start of this server. Wemmbu taunts him about how it feels to have all of his work destroyed in a matter of minutes, and that this was entirely his fault. 

They drain each other of their resources and, in the end, land on the roof of a house overlooking the harbor. Wemmbu asks Zam why he betrayed him, but Zam tells him that he has no business knowing that. Wemmbu pushes more, and Zam finally relents, apologizing to him and saying that they both have made lots of mistakes. Wemmbu admits that they’re essentially even now.

They are interrupted by 
ClownPierce
, who lands and starts threatening to ban Wemmbu off of the server. He tells them both that they’re coming with him.

Trivia

This video's title used to be "I Fought Minecraft's Greatest War". It was then changed to "Unstable SMP: The Empire War" and was finally changed to "Unstable SMP: The PrinceZam Empire War".

Thumbnail

The thumbnail of this video depicts 
Wemmbu
 (left) holding out his sword, with assorted players and withers (right) equipped in full netherite and sword all running in the same direction, suggesting they are marching to a battle.