After I Became King of the Unstable SMP, the world split into two different sides: the new players, and the old ones. After the old players took control of Highwater city, they began invading different cities across my kingdom... this time with a different strategy. This is Unstable SMP: Civil War FINALE.
— 
ParrotX2

Unstable SMP: Civil War FINALE
 is the 138th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

The episode begins with an attack orchestrated by 
Parrot
 on 
Cindercrest
's 
blimps
 during a battle where 
Wemmbu
 is present, where he orders many of his soldiers to cover the different blimps with TNT while he does the same to the centre one. However, before he can finish, he bumps into 
Saparata
, who confronts him over why Parrot, an 'old player', cares about the 'new players' so much: Parrot replies that he will make his kingdom big enough for both the old and new players to live in, to which Saparata replies that he could never change Parrot's mind. After wishing Saparata to have fun losing the war, Parrot blows up several blimps and leaps off, performing a water bucket clutch before the blimps begin exploding.

After Parrot escapes with the blimps destroyed, the video cuts to Parrot, 
TheobaldTheBird
, and 
ReinaDrop
 riding Happy Ghasts carrying the supplies stolen from Cindercrest's blimps alongside several soldiers. The following dialogue ensues:

Theo:
 Who's gonna carry the boats?

(
Silence.
)

Theo:
 (
louder
) 
Who's gonna carry the BOATS?

Parrot:
 What?

Theo:
 
WHO'S GONNA CARRY THE BOATS-

Reina:
 Oh my god. 
Theobald
, shut up!

Theo:
 Who's gonna carry 'em?

Parrot:
 Bro, can we please just get these back to spawn in peace, bro? Like...

After Theo recounts the 
Treasure Arc
 to Reina, specifically mentioning 
Verdaria
. While Theo ragebaits Reina by lamenting that, being a 'new player', she wasn't able to experience a lot of the adventures he did, 
ShoeBilly
 ambushes the Happy Ghasts and kills several of them with a Mace. Parrot orders the soldiers who survived to rush to a nearby forest, where ShoeBilly's Mace will be less effective: Theo tries to antagonise Billy, though Parrot also orders him to retreat as he knows that Billy is stalling for the entire Cindercrest army. vwingplank, one of Parrot's soldiers, offers to pot Invisibility and retreat to 
Ironclad City
 to gather more legions in order to prevent the items from reaching Cindercrest.

Billy, upon being further ragebaited by Theo, instantly flies towards him and pops his totem: becoming complacent, Billy forces Parrot's legion to wait until morning, unaware that the legions of Ironclad City have arrived. By sunrise, the legion arrives and begins driving the boats to the river: however, Cindercrest's army arrives while Parrot's legion are building paths for the boats to reach the river.

After convincing 
soldier73
 to act as a mole for Cindercrest, Parrot's legion begin to swarm their civilisation, killing the majority of their soldiers. This victory results in many new players holding a festival in honour of Parrot, Theo, and Reina. After Reina asks Parrot whether she is 'deserving' of playing on the server or not, she decides to deliver food to old players: after being rejected and antagonised by Cindercrest soldiers, who make fun of her for her friends' deaths at 
Skymore
, Reina kills both soldiers. This causes her to be captured by Cindercrest.

A messenger, PenelopeZPenguin, brings news that Cindercrest is marching to the 
Northern Council
. Bringing a completely armor-less Reina, they demand 
LettuceK
 in exchange for Reina's life: Theo jokes that it was fun knowing Reina, to which Parrot scolds Theo, though Reina replies that Theo is right. If killing Lettuce will help defeat Cindercrest, she is willing to die. This statement greatly angers Parrot, who asks Reina why - after everything she has achieved and everything people have done for her - she thinks her life is so unimportant. This cuts into a flashback segment.

During the flashback:

We see Reina spawn into the server for the first time, walking down the castles at 
Spawn
.

Reina is booed and has snowballs thrown at her, with bystanders yelling at her that she 'doesn't deserve to play on the server' and that they didn't want her on Unstable.

Reina approaches a civilisation growing food, but she is shooed away and accused of being a thief.

Bumping into a player named RathofKelo, Reina asks if the structure they are standing under is their base, only for RathofKelo to starve to death in front of her.

Staring down the ruins of a battle long past, Reina 
herself
 begins to starve to death: however, 
Zoe444
 finds her in time, and provides her with Suspicious Stew crafted with Oxeye Daisies to grant the Regeneration effect. Zoe befriends Reina and informs her of 
Skymore
, and offers to travel there together.

After Parrot sends 1,000 players to build Skymore, Reina asks Zoe if she deserves to play on the server, to which Zoe asks why she would think that. Reina acknowledges that without Zoe and Parrot, she would be dead: this question makes Zoe deeply uncomfortable, and she switches the topic to show hope that Parrot will help Skymore flourish.

After Cindercrest destroys Skymore, Zoe hands Reina an Oxeye Daisy, promising her that she will be okay and to take the flower, before disappearing.

We see the events of 
Searching for a Civilization that Doesn't Exist
, 
I Created the World's Largest Minecraft Army
, and earlier in the video, leading up to the trade between Reina and Lettuce.

Finally, after recounting her friendship with Zoe, she admits that she doesn't want to die and that she wants to play with Parrot, Theo, and the other friends that she made on the server. Agreeing to make the trade, Reina and Lettuce switch sides, with Lettuce leaving with the Cindercrest army. Knowing that Lettuce will be able to rally all the old players to his cause, Parrot plans to intervene at Capitol City and retreats into the Northern Council to plan with Theo and Reina: all the while, 
Wemmbu
 watches from a lamppost behind the Cindercrest army.

However, 
FlameFrags
 and 
Lomedy
 begin fighting Parrot, believing that he is the cause of the war: after a brief scuffle between Flame, Lomedy, Theo, and Reina, Parrot tells Flame and Lomedy to kill him if they believe it will make a difference. However, instead of killing him, Flame and Lomedy defect from Cindercrest.

After Lettuce makes a speech at 
Capitol City
, Saparata says that all players who want to join his army would be spared, and that he was more worthy of being King than Parrot. However, Parrot, Theo, Flame, Lomedy, and Reina intercept him: after a brief confrontation, Parrot orders 
Fymada
 to evacuate all players after the 
Capitol City Guard Force
 arrives. However, what none of them know is that 
Wemmbu is standing right above all of them:
 after replying "That seems like quite a futile effort," Wemmbu pulls a 
Nuke Shot
 and massacres hundreds of civilians in front of Parrot and Saparata.

A battle begins: Parrot, Theo, Reina, Flame, and Lomedy are overwhelmed by Wemmbu, who begins dropping 
Nuke Shots
 and using his Elytra-Macing everyone he sees. Saparata escapes to 
Spawn
, while Theo and Reina go missing, and Parrot's army turns on him after losing faith in his ability to rule. After escaping the ruins of Capitol City in broken armor, Parrot runs back to Spawn, where Saparata is waiting for him.

Saparata finally explains that he was lying all along: he planned to kill 
each and every last
 new player that joined after Parrot was crowned as king. He mercilessly kills several new players who spawn into the server on sight, with Parrot urging them to leave to no avail: finally broken, Parrot replies that he is done trying to convince Saparata to change his mind, and that he is going to kill him. Preparing to fight, a brutal battle emerges at Spawn: Parrot struggles to hold his own ground against Saparata, who in turn doesn't even break a sweat and even manages to kill some more players that spawn. Finally, Parrot's helmet breaks: Saparata comments on his "pretty little crown" as Parrot retreats to the balcony, breaking the railings as he tries to outmaneuver Saparata. However, knowing he cannot win this battle, Parrot instead leaps off the balcony and lands a water bucket clutch, fleeing from the castle as Saparata gloats that after every last new player is killed, 
he will be next.

The episode concludes with a broken, disgraced Parrot, stripped of his royalty and exiled from his kingdom, not knowing the whereabouts of Theo and Reina. Saparata builds a death trap under Unstable SMP's spawn point and orders his soldier to travel across the server, killing any new player they see, and places the crown on his own head: after all is said and done, 
Parrot has been overthrown
 and 
Saparata reigns as the second king of Unstable SMP.
 However, Parrot swears to himself that however long it takes, he will take his kingdom back.

Trivia

In Saps' stream where he reacted to this video, he revealed that the alternate ending was Cindercrest losing and Saps fleeing from the battle. The ending the video got was changed to this because Parrot had a different vision for where he wanted the story to go.

Navigation