The Mafia
 is growing faster than ever, destroying every last civilization that stands in their way. If we don't stop them soon, it's going to be too late. This is Unstable SMP: The First War.
— 
ParrotX2

Unstable SMP: The First War
 is the 24th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

The video begins in 
The Mafia
 invading most of the 
Farmers District
 and killing most of it's members.

Horace splits the civilization into 3 factions. The 
Farmers District
, the 
Warriors District
 and the 
Builders District
. The Farmers supplies everyone with resources, the Warriors are the fighters and the Builders are the humble ones. 
Parrot
 wants to become a warrior because he wants to avenge 
LuigiToan
. To determine Parrot's faction he has to go through a test. How the test works is that you have to use ~5 items to kill a wither. Parrot uses chickens, an instant damage potion, a wind charging potion and a mace. After completing the test, 
Horace
 tells Parrot that a warrior would usually kill the wither normally, a builder would wait until it's gone and a farmer would trap it or use some strategy but Parrot didn't do any of that which shocked him. Horace and 
CoinMonke
 tell Parrot that he is both but he also tells him that there's a conflict between the Warriors and Farmers, therefore he won't make a fourth faction for Parrot because the Warriors and Farmers wouldn't like that. Parrot chooses to join the Warriors.

Parrot talks to two of the council members, 
Lamibee
 and 
Dimofyy
 about The Mafia but they tell him that he has to go on his first mission in half an hour. Parrot flies next to the statue which is where he meets 
TheobaldTheBird
. Theo tells Parrot that he regrets joining the Warriors because he was on a mission where he had to collect resources even though that's the Farmers' job. Parrot asks Theo if he joined the Warriors to fight The Mafia but to his surprise, Theo doesn't know what the Mafia is. Parrot asks Theo why he even joined in the first place if he isn't fighting The Mafia. Theo tells him it's to prove that he's the best. 

Dimofyy announces to his squad that they are going to destroy one of The Mafia's outposts and loot anything valuable. As they enter the outpost they spot 2 invisible players. They jump the invisible players but they flee. Dimofyy gets disappointed at them and tells them that they have to train more. Parrot asks if he has TNT and Dimofyy pulls out a shulker full of TNT. They blow up the outpost and Parrot notices an obsidian tunnel. As they walk through the tunnel, the lights inside turn off and they get mining fatigue. They see a 
diamond player
 who jumps them and the diamond player who is revealed to be 
Flamefrags
 (death message), kills Dimofyy. Parrot lights a portal and they escape through the nether. 
Lezy
 finds Parrot and tells him that everyone wanted Dimofyy to die because he was annoying and thought so highly of himself.

Parrot and the rest of the squad head back to the Far Lands city to talk to the 
Warriors Council
 about Dimofyy's death and how they managed to escape. The leader 
Purpled
 starts calling Parrot a farmer for escaping the way a farmer would. Purpled makes an announcement that Dimofyy is dead so he will be opening a new spot in the council. He tells everyone that if they want to become a council, they have to pop his totem in a 1v1 and he will duel them in 30 minutes. Parrot is the only person who arrives within 30 minutes so Purpled gives him the shield until Theo enters. Parrot removes his shield as he now has to duel Purpled to get it. Before Parrot duels Purpled, 
Naparizel
 explains the rules to him. Parrot loses the duel and Theo steps in and wins the duel using TNT minecarts therefore earning a spot in the Warriors Council. 

Parrot starts checking the city out until 
Wifies
 appears out of nowhere. Parrot walks away but Wifies follows him because he wants to apologize to Parrot. Parrot tells Wifies that he doesn't want to talk to him and he flies away to go for another mission. Theo and his squad fly to 
Zam Empire
 to set up mines to disrupt whatever they are planning. They head to a different location since there's no activity where they were currently at until they get jumped by a few Mafia members. Theo kills all of the Mafia members that were jumping them and they continue building mines. Purpled gets impressed by Theo killing 11 Mafia members. Theo tells Purpled that there's no point in sending them on random missions because they could end The Mafia if they actually tried to kill them instead of putting members on pointless missions. Parrot agrees with Theo and Purpled decides to put them on a harder mission and he also warns them that the last time people were put on this mission all 4 members died. 

Parrot decides to check out the Farming District and sees a familiar face. 
Kenadian
. Kenadian tells him that he's the leader of the Farming District and also assumes that Parrot wants to join the Farmers because of Wifies also being part of the Farming District. Parrot tells Kenadian that he's in the warriors already and asks why the place looks abandoned. Kenadian doesn't want to tell Parrot why because he's a Warrior. Parrot tells Kenadian that he's both a Warrior and a Farmer and Kenadian sends him to the Farmer's council room. Kenadian, 
Wato
 and Wifies discuss about Parrot being both a Warrior and a Farmer. Kenadian tells Parrot that after he left Parrot's 
End Civilization
, he joined Horace's Far Lands civilization and became the first farmer. He explains that the Warriors were supposed to protect the Farmers and the Farmers are supposed to provide them resources to protect them and he built the Farming District several million blocks away from the farlands and he thought the Warriors would help protect them, however Kenadian had 3 days notice that The Mafia is about to attack them. He tried to contact the Warriors but none of them responded and The Mafia destroyed the Farming District and killed about 70-80% of the Farming District. After this, they stopped giving them resources.

Parrot tells them that they have to put it aside and that he will try to fix everything. All 3 of the Farmers don't believe Parrot and he gets pissed when Wifies starts talking and he claims that Wifies is only in the Far Lands to sabotage Parrot. Wifies denies that statement and tells him that if he was trying to sabotage him he would be doing that. Parrot states that the war is unwinnable if they don't put their differences aside.

The Warriors play a game of capture the flag to train. Parrot doesn't have a team so he teams up with all the farmers including Wifies. Since the teams were outnumbered 
meta64
 joins Parrot's team. They place their banner/flag behind a tree and put bone meal on grass so it's not that easy to find. They then light a portal to the nether and splash each other with invisibility. After returning to the overworld they burn the forest to distract the Warriors while Parrot uses a chicken blaster made by Wifies. He splashes himself with invisibility and slow falling and launches himself using the chicken blasters and he steals the Warriors' flag and places it next to their flag and wins. The Warriors get embarrassed by how they lost.

Wifies apologizes to Parrot again and tells Parrot that he wants to help him. Parrot tells Wifies that he wants to be a part of the Warriors council but in order to do that he has to beat one of the members in a 1v1 but since he believes there are no strategies he doesn't know how he could win and also tells him that he's going on a mission and the last time a squad went on this mission, they didn't make it out alive. Wifies tries to provide Parrot with help but Parrot denies it and walks away. After a few days of practicing archery to use debuff arrows against The Mafia, he asks Wifies for help for using static targets. Wifies suggests doing a mini bow duel with the debuffs. Parrot loses at first but after a few rounds he finally wins a round against Wifies. He starts consistently winning every bow duel against Wifies. After this, Parrot practices switching arrows and targets with Wifies. The final phase of practicing is another duel where Wifies uses melee to attack Parrot while Parrot uses only a bow and the arrows. Parrot wins the duel. 

Parrot and Wifies have a conversation about fighting in the war. Wifies tells Parrot that if he's going to fight in the war, he will too. Wifies also gives Parrot back his spyglass that he dropped in their argument during their journey to the Far Lands as a promise that Parrot won't die. Parrot wonders what 
Dean
 is into and he considers checking up on him to say goodbye. Parrot goes back to the jungle where he last saw Dean. He notices a trail of netherrack and he follows the trail which leads to a dark oak forest with a shack. Parrot calls out Dean and he responds. He finds Dean fishing. Dean tells Parrot that he made the trail so that someone could find him. Parrot tells Dean about the mission he's about to go to and says goodbye to him just in case he doesn't make it out alive. Dean gives Parrot a tour of his house and also blows the goat horn again because he doesn't care about The Mafia finding him. Dean asks Parrot if he can come with him but Parrot tells Dean that he wont because he doesn't trust him. Dean apologizes and tells Parrot he will do anything to get him to trust him again. Parrot tells Dean to stay until he wins the war. Dean asks Parrot if he could tell him when he finally trusts him again. Parrot tells Dean he will and returns to the Far Lands.

Theo leads all of them to 
Mafia City
. His plan was to take out a diamond player after going up through all their stages. They search all the diamond players' castles but they don't see anyone. They continue exploring until Parrot notices a diamond player. The diamond player tries to kill the entire squad. Theo tells all of them to leave him with the diamond player however, a gold player and another diamond player tries to kill them. Parrot uses the debuff arrows against the diamond player that he practiced with Wifies. The diamond player pops Parrot's totem multiple times. Theo and the squad retreat. As they leave Mafia City the diamond players follow them. Parrot tells them to go back to Mafia City while being invisible to disguise as a no-trimmed member and the diamond players will lose them. They all proceed in doing so and they lose the diamond player. After reuniting with Theo, they return to the Far Lands. Purpled gets disappointed when he finds out they didn't kill the diamond player but he gives them all diamond silence trimmed boots. Theo explains that if it weren't for Parrot they would've all died. Parrot tells Purpled that they have to fight against The Mafia strategically if they want to win. Purpled tells Parrot that he makes the decisions along with the rest of the council. Parrot says he wants to join the council. Purpled tells him that he has to 1v1 a council member. Parrot chooses 
DumbIsDumb
. Purpled tells him that Dumb is one of if not the most skilled fighter in the Warriors Council. Parrot changes his mind but it's already too late.

Parrot returns to the Farming District to ask Wifies for help again. Parrot explains to Wifies what happened and why he needs Wifies' help. Parrot suggest they make something above them since they normally wouldn't look above them. They head above the colosseum where they build an ice platform. They finish building the ice platform and Wifies tells Parrot he will break the ice from above while he's fighting Dumb. The fight begins and Parrot tells Wifies to break the ice now that they're fighting. As the water starts flooding the arena, Parrot uses it to his advantage, he uses his tridents to hit Dumb while he's completely unprepared. Parrot breaks Dumb's helmet and later breaks his boots. Parrot pops Dumb's totem and Dumb gives his shield. Parrot shows the council shield to Wifies.

Parrot's first council meeting begins. Parrot begins talking about how the missions are pointless and they have to actually do something impactful against The Mafia. Purpled tells Parrot that he doesn't think they can defeat The Mafia due to the fact that The Mafia outnumbers them, so he's putting members of the Warriors on little missions to give them false hope. Theo agrees with Parrot saying that they need to do something that will actually impact The Mafia. Parrot suggests that they unite all the factions. Purpled disagrees because he doesn't want anything to do with the farmers. The argument continues until Purpled walks away. Upon returning, Purpled tells them that a builder was spotted by a Mafia member and they have to deal with the Mafia member. Purpled tells Parrot to get people since he doesn't have a squad so Parrot makes a squad with the Farmers. They head to the nether roof and split up to find the Mafia member.

They eventually find the Mafia member and it appears to be a 
gold trimmed player
. They jump the gold trimmed player but the gold trimmed player escapes using chorus fruit. Kenadian provides them with chorus fruit and they eat it to leave the nether roof, however by that point the gold player has been long gone. Parrot suggests they go to Mafia City because that's where the gold player could be heading, disguise as diamond players and try to catch him. Upon arriving close to Mafia City, Parrot mines a lot of trees to make signa because Mafia members communicate using signs. Kenadian pulls up spare eye trim smithing templates he possibly obtained before The Mafia began taking over the server. Parrot poses as a diamond player and looks for the gold player. 

Parrot finds the gold player and tries to convince him that he can give 
Ash
 the message. Since the gold player doesn't trust him enough he ignores Parrot and walks away. Parrot chases him and tells him to unmute himself. The gold player gets suspicious because the voice sounds familiar but Parrot convinces him otherwise. He convinces him that it's not worth giving Ash the coordinates and he's not going to rank up. Parrot tells him that he's a bit jealous about him finding the Far Lands civilization. Parrot tells him that he will join the squadron of diamond players. The gold player is convinced and Parrot tells the squadron to make a trap. Upon arrival, the gold player is suspicious again. The squadron of farmers start praising him and act impressed. The gold player asks him why he hasn't seen their faces but he has heard their voices. Parrot reveals himself and Kenadian activates the trap, killing him in the process.

Purpled gives Parrot silence trimmed leggings for killing the gold player. Parrot tells Purpled that the farmers were the reason why he was able to kill the gold player. Purpled thought he was going to get a squadron of warriors. Purpled explains that it's the warriors job to protect the civilization which in response, Parrot brings up the Warriors abandoning the farmers while they were being attacked. Purpled says it isn't his problem. Theo suggests that they unite the Farmers and the Warriors again. Parrot tells Purpled that they should apologize to the Farmers. Purpled and 
Naparizel
 tell Parrot that he has to become a leader if he wants to make decisions. Parrot and Theo continue arguing with Purpled until the meeting is dismissed.

Theo talks to Parrot about the meeting and tells him Purpled sees him as a threat. Theo then tells Parrot that he's exactly what the Warriors need leadership-wise. Parrot tells Theo how much he cares about winning the war against The Mafia. Theo wonders how the Farmers are so drawn to Parrot but hate the rest of the Warriors. Parrot tells Theo that when his test results came, Horace said he was both a Warrior and a Farmer. They continue to discuss about the beef with the warriors and the farmers. Theo tells Parrot that maybe the reason why the council hates Parrot is because he has something that they don't and since Parrot arrived things have changed. Theo leaves after the conversation. 

Parrot visits Dean again. Dean notices Parrot's armour trims. Parrot tells him that it's from the Far Lands and Dean gets a bit jealous about it. Dean tells Parrot about what he's been up to the whole time. Parrot asks if everything has been good and Dean says that everything has been good so Parrot decides to leave but Dean asks if he could go with Parrot again. Parrot asks him what he would be able to do if he did go with him. Dean wants Parrot to trust him. Parrot tells Dean he will trust him after the war. Dean responds saying "What if you don't? What if you just die and I'm stuck here and nobody "will ever trust me again?". He also states that Wifies might die too.  He tells Parrot that Ash was the person who took him when he had nothing and he thought he could have friends. Parrot responds by saying that The Mafia isn't a sense of community. Dean didn't know that at the time. They just told him that he would have all the freedom he could've ever wanted if he joined. He then states that the war is not winnable. He's seen it all while Parrot has just seen a fraction of it and Parrot is going to die in the war and he will be alone. Parrot asks Dean why did he betray him if he cared so much about the war and tells him that everything will be fixed after the war before leaving. 

Purpled starts another council meeting. Parrot asks if Purpled could come up with a war strategy since it's been just mission after mission. Parrot asks what the point of the Warriors faction existing if they aren't coming up with strategies to beat The Mafia. They begin arguing again but Purpled admits that the missions they have been doing was just to give everyone false hope. Purpled dismisses everyone except for Parrot and he tells Parrot to deliver a bunch of things to a set of coordinates. He gets Parrot to clear his inventory and fill it up with shulkers. Parrot enters an obsidian hole which leads to a tunnel and as he places all the shulkers he gets jumped by all the council members. Theo arrives trying and helps Parrot. Parrot barely manages to escape. 

After Parrot and Theo return to the Far Lands they confront Purpled and Theo tries to kill him Purpled continues talking as if nothing happened. Parrot asks Purpled why he tried to kill him and Purpled says that it's because Parrot is trying to drag the into war. Purpled tells Parrot that he's the one tearing them apart. Naparizel and 
Lamibee
 agree with Parrot this time Parrot decides to do a poll on who should become leader of the Warriors faction. Everyone votes for Parrot and Purpled gives him the armour. Parrot is now the leader of the Warriors. Parrot does a speech. During the speech he destroys all the silence trimmed armour and tells everyone to replace any silence armour trim with their normal armour because he believes that the way Purpled used to run the Warriors faction was corrupt and they gave everyone false hope and he tells everyone that unity is stronger than hope. The warriors including Parrot apologize to the Farmers for abandoning them. The Farmers accept their apology. Parrot states that the true enemy is Ash and The Mafia and tells the Warriors to destroy anything important to The Mafia and what keeps them invisible and he would join the Farmers for their mission. Parrot concludes the speech by stating that a new era is born. An era of trust, unity, hope and forgiveness. Parrot keeps the word forgiveness in his mind as he is about to visit Dean again. 

Parrot goes for another visit with Dean but he notices that Dean is missing. He doesn't see any traces of him anywhere. Parrot tells Wifies that Dean wasn't present. Parrot and Wifies talk to the rest of the Farmers to go to the mission that Parrot mentioned in the speech to destroy all the Mafia A1C bombers. They head near 
Spawn
 and find a lot of A1C bombers. They begin destroying the A1C bombers but however while doing so they see them starting. They try to disable them but they get jumped by Mafia members. Parrot follows a Mafia member but they just fly away. Parrot and Wifies continue fighting the invisible players while Kenadian and 
Wato
 destroy the A1C bombers. Parrot tells them that he will drop an invisible player. The invisible player is shooting it's own teammates and Parrot decides to drop him. The invisible player's totem pops and it's revealed to be Dean. Dean blows his goat horn one last time before getting killed in the void. Parrot gets furious and tries to kill one of the Mafia members until the diamond player shows up and starts macing him. After flying away to an island they talk about what happened however Parrot isn't in the mood after witnessing his friend die. Parrot realizes that he was shooting the other Mafia members because that was his way of trying to earn their trust back.

Parrot goes back to Dean's shack to bury Dean. After writing the sign in the gravestone he says "I trust you". Ash interrupts the funeral and starts mocking Dean, comparing his life to a cockroach saying that he was pointless. Ash states that he knew Dean was going to betray him when he rejoined The Mafia and he also put Dean on that mission intentionally so that Parrot could kill him. Parrot gets furious and threatens to kill Ash. Ash tells him that he kidnapped the entire Warriors faction and will execute them. Parrot tries to kill Ash but he teleports away using a stasis chamber. 

Upon returning to the Far Lands civilization, Parrot tells the Farmers about the Warriors getting kidnapped. They come up with a plan to break in to one of Ash's prisons. It turns out that it's located in The End Civilization before going to the end, they all set stasis chambers. As they arrive to The End Civilization, Parrot notices the city was retextured into a Mafia theme (possibly the reason why they didn't blow it up). As they sneak through the entire city, they break into the cell where the Warriors are held hostage. The Farmers place an ender chest to provide the Warriors with gear. As they break out of the cell, they notice the chunk bans being reactivated. Parrot tells 
Cristalit
 to try to fly out of the civilization to test if the chunk bans are active and he gets chunk banned. They get caught by diamond players. Parrot tells the Warriors to distract the diamond players while the Farmers, including Parrot build a chicken blaster pearl cannon. After finishing building the chicken blaster pearl cannon, Parrot tells the Warriors to throw a pearl while the Farmers distract the diamond players. A diamond player catches them so Parrot activates the cannon, teleporting all of them away from the city. Parrot tells the rest of the farmers to activate their stasises and tells Wifies not to pull his because he has to talk to Ash. 

Parrot tells the diamond players to take him to Ash. He even clears his entire inventory. As they take him to Ash's castle Parrot tells Ash that he's lucky he didn't bring a sword. Ash tells Parrot that if he dies, the entire Mafia goes down with him. Parrot tells Ash that he wonders how he can get people to listen to him. Ash shows him around the castle but gets interrupted by Parrot reminding him about 
when he said that fear is control
 to tell him that the opposite of fear is unity. He tells Ash that he wants to duel him but Ash clowns on him and continues showing him around the castle. Parrot notices the dragon egg and a desire board. He notices the farming district isn't red on the desire board. Ash asks Parrot if he has ever stopped to ask himself why The Mafia always wears invisibility and tells him that it's a symbol and it's part of something bigger and compares that to how the farming district is part of the Far Lands. Ash tells Parrot that he knows where the Far Lands civilization is and he is sending battalions of 2 diamond players each and he tells Parrot the exact coordinates of the Far Lands. Parrot pulls his stasis and looks over the Far Lands civilization.

Gallery