Unstable Universe
 is a scripted 
Minecraft
 video series that focuses on the adventures of 
ParrotX2
, 
Wemmbu
, 
SpokeIsHere
, and 
FlameFrags
 along with a wide array of 
content creators
 that are featured throughout the series. The first episode was posted on April 21 of 2024, and the series currently contains 144 episodes and is in its 
third season
. The server is currently on 1.21.11.

NOTE
: Seasons have been abolished, meaning that episodes no longer operate into seasons past 
Season 1
. 

About

This article is about introduction to the server itself.  For the episode list, see 
Episode Order
.

Unstable Universe
, or 
Unstable SMP
 is the server where the Youtube series with the same name, 
Unstable Universe
, takes place lorewise, but the actual recording of UU takes place across multiple different servers.

Ever since Season 2, fans can take part in the UU by verifying in 
the official Unstable Events discord server
, but usernames are randomised to preserve user anonymity. Sometimes, usernames containing inappropriate words are censored by the protagonists.

After Season 1, death messages only show locally. Starting from 
Season 2
, death is accompanied by a wither sound effect, likely to heighten tension.

In the Unstable SMP, proximity voice chat range is at most 52 blocks, as mentioned in Parrot’s video, 
I Got Hunted by a Minecraft Redstone Genius
. However there is probably a way for a player to increase the range of their voice more due to scenes like LettuceK's speech later in season 2.

Resources are severely limited, as mobs rarely spawn, villagers and ominous vaults have been destroyed since 
The Invisible Mafia
, and netherite and potions was monopolized by the 
Nether Civilization
, lead by 
ClownPierce
. 

Lorewise, the server has a large population of thousands of players, with dozens of players spawning in every hour. Due to the influx of players, spawn is often made deadly to limit the population. The only exception is Parrot's Kingdom, which protected all the new players instead of killing them, but it led to them being overthrown by 
Saparata
.

It was stated on 
I Got Hunted by a Minecraft Hacker
 that players are technically unable to leave the server, as rejoining causes more problems due to numerous players being online all at once.

Brief History

  Brief History - Spoiler Alert

The three protagonists set their bases at spawn, fought over exploit items and 
The Wonders
 builds. 
PrinceZam
 created an 
empire
, but later betrayed 
Wemmbu
, leading to the empire's downfall. 
The Invisible Mafia
 then took over the server including spawn, and hunted players to every corner of the world, so the three protagonists formed an 
alliance
 along with a couple of side characters to destroy it.

Parrot
 was hunted by an invisible player called 
the Director
, which turned out to be 
someone he was more than familiar with
. Wemmbu and 
Flame
 fought each other multiple times. Wemmbu went to 
Far Lands
, came back with 
Orbital Strike Cannons
 to sweep across the server. 
Spoke
 ran into issues with the 
Bounty Assassin Team
. But despite that, the latter saved him from a disastrous 
civilization
 creation attempt. 
The Law
 led by 
LettuceK
 tried to take over the server. Protagonists were forced to unite and fight it again. 
Deputy_Ace
, who was right hand man of LettuceK, betrays LAW, and LettuceK gets defeated. Parrot then vied against multiple other candidates in the election to choose the ruler of the server, stepping up to take on the responsibility, while Flame earned the title of Combat Master.

Spoke and 
Mapicc
 were hunted and captured by a group called 
Null Hunters
. Wemmbu and 
Eggchan
 were hunted by an 
Invisible Guy
. Parrot's Kingdom was then placed under threat by 
old players
. Wemmbu, Flame, and Parrot fought in a Civil War. 
Saparata
 becomes king. Spoke takes over the Null Hunters.

Lore

The server starts years earlier than the 1st episode, so there is 
First Generation Players
 that might have created the terrain in the 
Far Lands
.

The server might have reference to 2b2t, the largest anarchy server. The lava cast filled, chaotic spawn in 
Season 2
, the great sea, the glitches and the admin behind the server all have similar appearance on 2b2t. 2b2t started from early Minecraft versions (which give rise to the great sea on it) and later upgrade to modern versions, so the same may hold for Unstable SMP, hence the existence of so many weird terrain, 
Far Lands
, and a lot of glitches that can be exploited.

The server contains exploits that are unique to it.

The server contains terrains that are not found on other servers: 
The Great Sea
, 
The Amplified
, 
The Mist
, 
Far Lands
, 
The Underworld
, 
Skyblock Civilization
, ... They are generally built by 
Horace_Altman
 builder team behind the scenes.

The server may have admins unknown to us.

Unspoken Rules

No /msg allowed since 
Season 1
. Only way to communicate is proximity chat. Discord DMs and Voice Chat groups have been used throughout 
Season 2
 but with less occurences of each as the season progressed.

No logging off allowed (immersed storyline)

No chunkbans seen since Season 2.

No hacking allowed, except for 
TruOriginal
.

Due to the mob cap, vanilla PVP is practically impossible, and has not been seen in any form since the exploit arc. However, end crystals were seen in 
this episode
, meaning they still exist

Trivia

Unstable SMP is actually filmed on multiple servers for each protagonist instead of one server.

The hardcore hearts seen in the videos are from a texture pack, however death-bans make Unstable a hardcore SMP.

Details like flowers, banner patterns, armor trims bear significant symbolic meanings.

In the first few episodes, 
Lifesteal
 was briefly mentioned by the protagonists. It is unknown regarding its status of being canon.

Navigation