wemmbu
 and 
egg
 make a minecraft civilization
— 
Wemmbu

Unstable SMP: The Eggchan Empire
 is the 30th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

The episode begins with 
Wemmbu
 and 
Eggchan
 flattening the land of ManePear's abandoned treehouse to build their empire. Eggchan explains to Wemmbu that a success factor for an empire is that their leader has to be able to provide resources for everyone. After some brainstorming, Wemmbu tells Eggchan that he will provide experience bottles for his citizens, however, he has to look for them since all the villagers are dead. Wemmbu begins exploring the server to find experience bottles. Wemmbu threatens players in posession of experience bottles. He begins looting abandoned stashes for experience bottles too. On his journey of aquiring experience bottes, he runs into a player named 
Spongs
, who attacks them after Wemmbu steals his experience bottles. Spongs gives Wemmbu the remaining experience he has.   

After returning to the empire, Wemmbu and Eggchan stash the experience bottles in shulker boxes and they work on sugar cane and gunpower farms for firework rockets. While working on the farms, they get robbed and attacked by players with pirate shields. The player who Wemmbu had robbed earlier confronts him and tells him that he wont win the fight as he is outnumbered. Wemmbu kills them using his mace and the player who had confronted him had escaped but he was so focused on killing them that by the time he was finished, his items had despawned and Wemmbu had used up some of his experience bottles.   

Wemmbu recruits his first citizen, 
Wato1876
. Wato gets irritated by Wemmbu but after some convincing, he joins the civilization. Wato's first task is to remove the remains of ManePear's treehouse. Eggchan tells Wemmbu that they have no experience bottles left and Wemmbu has to go somewhere to get some. They tell Wato that they are going to leave. They continue exploring the server to loot abandoned bases and civilizations. They find a strangely generated forest and the explore it. An invisible player attacks them and it is later revealed to be 
Pangi
. Pangi tells them that he is guarding the house and it belongs to 
PrinceZam
 and he retired in this house after leaving 
the prison
. Pangi allows Wemmbu and Eggchan to take the experience but since they don't have shulker boxes, they return to the empire and get Wato to do it for them. Wemmbu and Eggchan continue improving their civilization to recruit more players. Wemmbu recruits 
Arcn
 to defend the civilization and 
Dione4k
 from his old civilization to make firework rockets for him.    

Wato returns with no items and he gets pissed about getting robbed on his way and he lost all the experience. Wato also explains that his entire ender chest was cleared and he was robbed by players with pirate shields. Wemmbu begins searching the server for any pirate base. After a week of searching, he finds the pirates in Spongs' base. 
Jaden_MAN
, who is the leader of the pirates attempts to rob Wemmbu and they begin fighting. During their fight, Spongs begs Wemmbu to help him as he is stuck in a cage with no food. Wemmbu helps Spongs and kills one of the pirates but he loses Jaden_MAN and the rest of the pirates. Wemmbu confronts Spongs regarding a stash since they were trying to rob him from his stash. Spongs shows Wemmbu where the stash of experience bottles are after he threatens to blow up his house. Wemmbu takes some experience and returns to the empire.      

As Wemmbu explores the empire, he notices a lot of improvements and a tower built by 
Horace Altman
 with Eggchan's eyeball. Wemmbu heads to the Eggchan tower to talk to him about the experience they owed Arcn, Horace and Wato. During their conversation, Eggchan tells Wemmbu that Wato found a pirate base and Wemmbu enters the base to try to retrieve the stolen items. As Wemmbu fights 
Loppezz
 and her army, he runs out of firework rockets and his elytra is low on durability. Wemmbu steals materials from their base and creates firework rockets and he uses some experience to mend his elytra. Wemmbu eventually runs out of experience and he uses spare armour after his gear runs out of durability. The spare gear begins to break and Wemmbu begins using iron armour and he runs out of rockets again. Wemmbu begins digging straight down to escape Loppezz and since she doesn't have a pickaxe, she gives up. Wemmbu finds a spawner and uses it to fully repair his armour. He robs their base to find more sugar canes and makes rockets again. He also spawns withers to destroy the base. Loppezz runs away as her army is dead and Wemmbu finds the experience and returns it to Eggchan.      

During the next few weeks, they begin expanding the empire, recruiting new citizens and setting up raiding parties to get richer. Eggchan sends Wemmbu out to do tasks such as giving training people like Willerhide. Since he had nothing to do he decided to visit Wato in his house. Wato is still pissed about the fact that he was robbed. They begin arguing and Wemmbu leaves. He gives Pangi a visit again to ask him when PrinceZam stopped caring about his empire. Pangi gives Wemmbu some advice and he returns to the empire. He begins collecting taxes with Eggchan and he finds Spongs in the civilization. Spongs flies away. Wemmbu follows Spongs and finds a Pirate base and returns to the civilization. Eggchan asks Wemmbu if he killed Spongs which Wemmbu denies. Wemmbu returns to the Pirates base to find Spongs but he can't find him and he begins to realize that he fell for a trap. Wemmbu returns to his empire only to see Jaden_MAN taking Eggchan hostage. Wemmbu immediately tries to kill Jaden_MAN but he uses Eggchan as leverage to prevent him from doing so. Eggchan states that Arcn had also betrayed them. Jaden_MAN tells Wemmbu to drop his items or else he will kill Eggchan. Spongs was also just bait so that the Pirates would invade the empire when Wemmbu was gone. They threaten to kill Eggchan again so Wemmbu drops all his items leaving Gambit in his ender chest.        

Trivia

This is the first episode to:

Have YouTubers use voice changers when acting as players.

Use 
AZALI
's music.

The video's original title was “I Created Minecraft's Greatest Empire”.