wemmbu
 and 
egg
 try to have a 2 week minecraft phase
— 
Wemmbu

Unstable SMP: After The Mafia
 is the 28th episode featured 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

Wemmbu
 and 
Eggchan
 try to begin a new life, away from fighting. After defeating the Mafia, they run millions of blocks away to a Pale Garden biome and begin to make a house, the first real base that they've had since Mane's tree. While designing their new home, they get interrupted by 
TheobaldTheBird
. He has followed them and is looking for a fight. Theo says that he knows Wemmbu is a good enough player to give him an entertaining fight, but Wemmbu is too stubborn to give him what he wants. 

Theo begins destroying their base and says he'll give Wemmbu some time to prepare for when he returns. Wemmbu and Eggchan prepare for this by making a creaking trap that they intend to drop Theo into. However, their trap doesn't work, and when Theo returns, he griefs their base again. Tired of this and not wanting to give into Theo's wishes, Wemmbu sets out to find 
Kenadian
 to commission him to make their base secure. At first, Kenadian was scared but eventually he does end up helping Wemmbu. He explains what Wemmbu and Eggchan need to do to secure their base. Theo interrupts them again. Wemmbu tells Theo that if he wants to fight him, he has to let them build the defenses and Theo has to break into the base. Theo tells Wemmbu that he will come back in a week.

Wemmbu and Eggchan begin making their defenses. They finish making the defenses and they're confident that Theo won't break in. Theo returns and begins trying to break in. Wemmbu watches Theo while being invisible. Wemmbu realizes that his break in attempt might end up successful, so he sabotages him by griefing the tunnel. Wemmbu steals some of his shulkers and taunts Theo. He successfully breaks into the base and activates both Wemmbu and Egg's stasises. Wemmbu is still too stubborn to fight so Theo takes Kenadian hostage and threatens to kill him unless they fight. Wemmbu takes the 1v1. Theo gets annoyed by the creakings and he leaves the base with Kenadian. Theo tells Wemmbu that if he doesn't fight him outside the base he will kill Kenadian. Wemmbu leaves the base and asks Theo about Kenadian. Theo tells Wemmbu that he killed him and later tells him that he let him go. Wemmbu takes the fight and ends up winning the fight against Theo, breaking his helmet. Theo leaves, telling Wemmbu that it was worth it.

Trivia

This video's original title was "I Created Minecraft's Most Secure Base" however, Wemmbu changed the title.

This was the first episode of Season 2.

The video's thumnail was updated sometime in April 2026, this is the fourth thumbnail where Wemmbu's cape can be shown.

The new thumbnail further proves that Wemmbu was willing to settle down and give up PvPing if it weren't for Theo.

Gallery

 
 
 
 
Old Thumbnail