LettuceK held an emergency announcement where he announced that he would be holding an election for King of Unstable. 
— 
ParrotX2

Unstable SMP: The First King
 is the 94th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Plot

Parrot
 finds a lectern placed inside of his potion shop which tells him to go to the server-wide announcement 
LettuceK
 was holding that day, although Parrot didn't intend to go to it, the book gave him a reason to. Parrot and 
Theo
 make their ways to the front and Parrot crafts a spyglass for the both of them. During Lettuce's speech, he mentions how anybody with over a hundred votes will be entered in for the election, which gives Parrot the idea to run. Once the speech is over, Parrot and Theo are walking back to 
Capital City
, Theo is fascinated at the idea of somebody wanting to save the server, but Parrot changes Theo's mind by telling him that Lettuce has rigged the election before it had already started. Back at the potion shop has another book, the book tells Parrot to follow the lodestone compass to a tree, the instructions given to by a player named "
The Owl
". Theo wants Parrot to campaign, but Parrot wants to follow the compass instead, so Theo agreed to come with.  Two references to the Mafia are made along the way – the obsidian road is made with obsidian from the massive spawn prison, and the remains of the bombers soar in the sky. 

While walking, Parrot calls out invisible players that were following them from spawn. The group call themselves the Phantoms, bandits who go robbing other players. One of them, Kibaxmc, says he's doing this for his boss - he lacks kills and resources have been tight lately. Parrot handles the leader and has Theo handle the other two, the perspective switches to Theo's, where he kills both of the Phantoms in mere seconds. Parrot leads the leader to a deep cave, pearls upwards without the leader looking and jumps down the cave and bows him down when the pearl lands. 

Parrot and Theo take the horses of the Phantom, Parrot is unsure of what the journey ahead has in store for them and doesn't want to put Theo in danger, so he offers Theo the chance to head back, but Theo says they're in it to win it and they continue forward. After a few more hours, they make it to a jungle, where they stumble across a massive tree village. Parrot flies into the village and asks Dtowncat, the leader of the village why the tree is burning down and who did it, in which Dtowncat said the Phantoms did. Parrot flies the direction that Dtowncat gave him and it begins to rain, which caused a heavy fog to disrupt his vision and unable to see more than twenty blocks in front of him. Parrot spots the Phantoms as well as the hostage and goes to confront them, Parrot tells the hostage he can come back with him, but the Phantoms threaten to kill the hostage if he stepped forward. One of the bandits, Kibaxmc wants to kill Parrot for killing the Phantoms the day before and the rest go back to their base. He insults Parrot: "What are you going to do about it? You're worthless! You're a scum!" Parrot had no tricks up his sleeve and was in unfamiliar terrain, so he flies away and back to the tree to meet back up with Theo. Parrot talks to Dtowncat and he explains that this village is called Treebo Village and it was built years ago, because it's a remote location, they were unaware of the election going on. Dtowncat then explains how the Phantoms comes by every now and then and takes their items, Parrot asks if he has contacted 
The Law
, but he says Treebo Village is too far away for them to care. After hearing this, Parrot is destined to help save the hostage get back to the village. Theo reminds him that the elections are close, and Parrot replies, "This is the right thing to do." 

Parrot retraces his steps and sees a trail the Phantoms made while traversing the jungle. It starts to rain and so Parrot and Theo dig in a side of a mountain until it stops raining. Theo asks how doing all of this will help Parrot win the election, Parrot says it won't, he can't let the Phantoms get away with their wrongdoings. Deeper within the jungle it becomes more amplified, which would make it harder to spot any clues, but Parrot spots a cave entrance inside of a huge ravine. Parrot looks into the base and sees all the Phantom members, so he digs above their base, low enough to the point where PajamaSammy, the hostage, can hear them. Parrot grows glowberries so they can climb up, and the Phantoms immediately notice. Parrot overhears them say that they're going to destroy Treebo Village tomorrow, and they all make a run for it once the coast is clear. Once outside, Parrot flies up with an Elytra and shoots down the Happy Ghast the Phantoms were riding on to slow down their journey there, killing one Phantom in the process. Parrot and Theo bring Sammy back to the village, and Dtowncat holds a small meeting with everybody in the village, and they all submit their votes for Parrot, with over 108 votes, he's eligible to be in the election. Parrot steps up to talk, he can't go back to spawn yet, and would rather help defend the village from the Phantom's attack tomorrow. 

The day of the attack is here, Parrot and Theo's plan is to knock the Phantoms off with knockback swords as they removed all railing preparing for the raid the day before. As Parrot and the village are fighting off the Phantoms, Theo fights HerobaneNair, the leader of them all. The defenders' strategy  strategy works and the casualties are 7:7 when only Herobane and Kibaxmc, his right hand man, remain. They kill off every Phantom besides Herobane and Kiba, his right hand man, Parrot spots them on the other side of the tree and goes assist the members of the village. Kiba gets outnumbered and is killed, Herobane runs off into the distance. Parrot lets him run free and tells him to never come back to the village. Another meeting is held, although Treebo Village lost a few players, they are finally able to be at peace again. Parrot and Theo start heading back towards spawn, forgetting where their horses were placed, but PajamaSammy tells them to follow him back to the Phantom's hideout where he reveals a hidden ice boat highway that leads all the way to spawn. As they boat, Parrot realizes that The Owl wanted to show him that there are players that are in need who are unable to get help. This marks the beginning of a new mystery – who is The Owl and how exactly did he select Parrot as the “chosen one”?

At the end of the episode, Lettuce hosts another announcement, he reveals that over sixteen candidates received over 100 votes, and to keep things fair, they will halve the total amount of candidates every two weeks, and only the top half with the most votes will move on. Parrot is at the very bottom, only having 109 votes.

Trivia

This is one of the few videos where another player's POV is temporarily shown, this time being Theo's.

The other videos are 
I Broke into Minecraft's Most Secure Prison
 with 
Rekrap2
 and 
JumperWho
, 
I Got Hunted by Minecraft's Deadliest Players
 with 
JumperWho
 for a second time, 
Escaping Paragon: The Perfect Minecraft Prison
 with 
Wifies
, and 
Hunting a Minecraft Player Who Doesn't Exist
 with 
Leow0ok
 and JumperWho for a third time time.

In the thumbnail, Parrot is shown wearing a crown despite not ever wearing one. However, this is because loppezz made the thumbnail for this video and put a crown on Parrot's skin to make it.

Loppezz has since then removed the skin off of her NameMC skin history, most likely to prevent people from seeing leaks.

Both 
ReinaDrop
 and 
ShoeBilly
's actors, hpneybee and lahdoh play themselves respectively as citizens of 
Treebo Village
 in this video.

Also in this video as a villager could be seen 
Found2
, who later appeared as a major character in Spoke's video 
1000 Players Simulate PRISON in Hardcore Minecraft
.

Navigation