farm war
— 
FlameFrags

Unstable SMP: The Farm War
 is the 61st episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

Lomedy
 asks 
Flame
 for help fighting a war, but it turns out to be all over crops. Flame thinks it's nonsense, but Lomedy shows a horse with maxed out attributes as a reward, so Flame agrees to help outfarm Spongs and Willsion, Lomedy's rivals. Lomedy explains the rules of being a farmer to Flame, which is to wear leather armor and not to use weapons, so Flame sets traps all across Lomedy's farm to kill them. When nighttime comes, 
Spongs
 and his group of farmers come and rob the farm. Two robbers die to traps, Spongs and 
Willsion
 chase Flame around the farm to try and kill him seeing that he's in full leather. Spongs and Willsion leave after destroying the farm enough, Flame and Lomedy clean up the farm and head to a farmer's trading town after. They get to the trading town and Flame asks to trade with one of the players, but they're afraid of Flame because of his reputation. Lomedy takes over and gives the player crops, the player looks at Flame afraid and Flame raises his voice at them and drops all the enchanted books.

When they get back to the farm, they see Spongs trashing it. Flame confronts Spongs, but Spongs laughs at him for following the farmer's rules of no weapons and that he can't do anything, and Flame proves them wrong by killing Spongs' team of farmers with just strength and a hoe. Flame beats Spongs and Willsion nearly to death and they flee. Flame wants payback on Spongs and Willsion for destroying their farm for the third time, so they head over to their farm and robs them of their crops. They spot Lomedy and Flame, and they hide inside one of the buildings, Flame and Lomedy then plan to steal their camel and sniffer egg, Flame gets the sniffer egg and Lomedy is already on the Happy Ghast with the camel attached ready to go. Spongs and Willsion are on the ground and will keep chasing them, so Flame goes down to distract while Lomedy finds a safe place to hide the animals. Flame finds Lomedy on top of a mountain and they continously knock Spongs and his team off, Flame leaves once he sees Lomedy has left as well. They meet back up in jungle and stumble across an abandoned jungle village, they loot the village for anything valuable for Lomedy's farm. Lomedy finds a small hole underneath one of the houses, and they go down, which turns out to be a huge maze with ravagers inside. They get to the end of the maze and find a Netherite hoe, with the hoe, a camel, and sniffer egg, they've became richer than the usual farmer. Flame and Lomedy go back to their farm and dance to Lava Chicken and clean their farm up, Flame goes in their house and falls into a fall trap and manages to pearl clutch and glitch into a block, saving his life. Spongs and Willsion blow the farm up again and Flame doesn't know what to do other than killing them to, they taunt and laugh at Lomedy for not being able to protect his own farm, leaving him with no more crops or animals, they leave. 

Lomedy is upset that Flame dragged him into this by using violence and that everything could've been prevented if they gave Spongs and Willsion what they wanted. Lomedy is about to give up farming entirely and give all his stuff up, but Flame tells him to stay and farm with him one last time, and they repair the farm and make it look better than it was originally. After helping Lomedy, Flame is about to head off and deal with Spongs and Willsion himself to get his pets back, but Lomedy decides to help him out and sets up TNT dupers that faced Spongs and Willsion's farm. Flame finds his dog and the horse in the farm and places them somewhere safe and blows the horn, signaling to Lomedy to activate the TNT dupers. Flame reveals himself and walks around not doing anything. He tells them that he will never be farmer, but he's better at taking things one step further than them and tells them to look around. The TNT dupers are in range and start destroying every single bit of their farm, Flame doesn't kill Spongs or Willsion, and would rather keep them alive and have them live with their destroyed farms knowing they won't ever be the greatest farmers of Unstable. Willsion gives up all his items after losing everything and Spongs gives up being a farmer and head off in different directions. Without Spongs and Willsion in Lomedy's way, he can become the best farmer, and as promised, he gives Flame the horse as a thank you for helping him.