And just like that... a Civil War had begun.
— 
ParrotX2

Unstable SMP: Civil War
 is the 133rd episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
.

Contents

1
 
Plot

2
 
Quotes

3
 
Trivia

4
 
Navigation

Plot

Parrot
 starts the episode by telling the viewers that after he became King, the world split into two different sides. There are the new players who poured into the server and the old players who have been on the Unstable SMP for months or even years. Parrot believes that the old players are very mad that he and the new players are destroying what they created. So, they split off from his 
Kingdom
 and formed 
Cindercrest
, who had the main goal of wiping Parrot and the new players from the server. Because of that, Parrot formed a massive army of his own to fight off Cindercrest. He stations his army in different major cities, and he believed that Cindercrest would attack Fort Feather first where his eastern gateway is. Parrot and his two friends 
TheobaldTheBird
 and 
ReinaDrop
, along with their army stand ontop of the wall of Fort Feather to scout for Cindercrest. Parrot uses his spyglass and sees a bunch of Cindercrest's players on boats heading towards them. 

They see 
Saparata
, the leader of Cindercrest who uses one of his player's as bait to set up the hidden mines in Fort Feather. Parrot tells his army to launch the TNT cannons, unfortunately for him one of the TNT cannons actually blows up members of his army. They continue to fight until they see a redstone 
blimp
 in the sky, Parrot knows that the blimp has Cindercrest players and tells his army to build up in the sky. Parrot and his army build up and see 
ShoeBilly
 in the sky who starts killing the players in the sky with a mace. The blimp continues to head closer to Fort Feather and Parrot realizes that the fight is already over. Parrot tells his army to get on horses and escape through a tunnel in a storage room. Parrot uses a TNT trap in the storage room and manages to kill a huge chunk of Cindercrest's players. He and his army use the tunnel and go to 
Merchant City
. In the moment, Parrot realizes what he's actually going through, he saw that Cindercrest was far stronger and smarter than he thought. Since his army was made up of mostly new players, winning this civil war was way harder than he thought. Luckily, Fort Feather is only one of the cities inside of the kingdom, and if Cindercrest wanted to win the war, they'd have to keep moving deeper. Now that they had taken over 
Fort Feather
, they gained access direct path to Merchant City, where the 
Merchant City Vanguard
 are already waiting. 

Parrot reaches the end of the tunnel and walks to the surface to regroup with whoever made it alive, as he tries to tell everyone the bad news, 
PrinceTetra
 stops him in his tracks and says they already heard the news of what happened at Fort Feather and threatens to blow up the entire place if Parrot tries anything. Parrot is confused and says they're apart of his army too, PrinceTetra asks Parrot to give them a reason to fight Cindercrest, otherwise they have no choice to kill him or turn him in. Parrot tells them if they don't fight Cindercrest, they're going to lose the war, but PrinceTetra puts him in a dilemma, he asks what makes him believe that they won't end up like the rest of his army that just died. Parrot goes quiet, Theo tries to convince Parrot to say anything, but nothing comes out of his mouth. PrinceTetra counts down from ten, Parrot speaks up after five seconds, he asks when it's ever going to end and that he doesn't expect everyone to survive the war, so he gives them all the chance to leave the war. He says if they don't beat Cindercrest, it won't ever end, and if Cindercrest wins, tens of thousands of new players are going to die, whoever else is left will live in a world where food is scarce, where people will die for no reason, which was how the server was like before Parrot, and he makes it clear that he became king to change that. Parrot says when he became king, he promised to protect everyone on the server, and so he asks the guards if they want to kill him, then to do it right then and there and that Cindercrest is already coming. The guards stand down and PrinceTetra asks what his plan is to defeat Cindercrest.

White flags are built across the top of the castle. Parrot, Theo, Reina, and a few guards stand on top and wait for Cindercrest to arrive. Theo notices that his donkey Dingus and Parrot's horse are being ridden, which excites him that they're going to get their horses back, but Reina says to calm down otherwise the whole plan fails. When Saps comes into distance, Parrot tells him that they surrender, Saps doesn't believe it whatsoever. 
FlameFrags
 believes otherwise and wants to barge right in, Saps says they will come in, but via their blimp. Although they probably thought Saps outsmarted them, they played right into Parrot's hands. If it looked like there was a trap under the gate, there wasn't, and them using the blimp was all apart of his plan. Parrot watches the blimp come closer and tells the vanguard to prepare for battle. He goes up to Theo and Reina and ask if the machine was ready, Theo says it is. Parrot then goes to explain that Cindercrest used their blimp to take over the fort while avoiding all their ground defenses, but in the time that they marched from Fort Feather to Merchant City, he ordered a new 
machine
, which uses complicated redstone to counter the blimp strategy. Parrot keeps a watch on the blimp, he then shoots an arrow in the middle of the trapdoors of the machine and informs Reina of when to activate. He keeps watching the blimp until it's directly in the middle of the city, he tells Reina to get ready. Once the trapdoors open, he tells Reina to start it, sounds of TNT exploding starts to play, and the Cindercrest army that are falling down from the blimp start to die off. He then tasks Reina to let the vanguard into the inner area of Merchant City, Parrot tells them to target anyone in netherite. They push forward and attack when Cindercrest is weak, afterwards, Parrot looks at Saps from the top of the castle and watches as he and the rest of Cindercrest march away from the city. 

With the victory given to Parrot, he heads back to his castle with the vanguard. However, he knew it wouldn't be long until Cindercrest would attack again, or where they would go next or what strategies they would use. By the time they made it back, word had spread around the server, as Parrot and his army walk down the obsidian highway, players stand on the side of it and cheer for them. Just as they're about to walk into the 
Northern Council
, Parrot hears TNT being set off and tells the vanguard to back off. Dozens of players get blown up, Parrot and Theo notices somebody trying to escape the scene, Reina mines to them and tells Theo not to kill them since they could interrogate the player. They take this player, soldier73, down to the prison. Parrot asks them where Cindercrest is headed next, but she doesnn't tell Parrot that. Parrot asks questions about any other leads, but she doesn't budge at all. Parrot then apologizes for what she's about to go through and tells Reina she can do whatever she wants to her. Reina starts to drown soldier73 down to half a heart, where she then says she'll talk. Reina asks where Cindercrest is headed towards, in which soldier73 says High Water City and that she was sent to kill Parrot. Reina walks out the cell and tells Parrot they should head out, as the entire council is waiting for him.

Parrot begins the meeting with all of the leaders of the cities inside of his kingdom, he has all of them introduce themselves and their positions of whatever city they lead. Right after, Parrot tells them Cindercrest has declared war on his kingdom and although they were beaten at Merchant City, he knows they're coming back, which is the reason why he brought them all there. 
Horace
 asks if Parrot knows where they're headed next, and Parrot says 
Highwater City
, which makes sense since that city is responsible for 80% of the food source coming into the kingdom. If Cindercrest were to seize the entirety of the city and prevent all the food from coming, they would win this war. Parrot then tells 
4CVIT
 to build a cannon in Highwater City, but 4C says he doesn't have time or resources to. He asks 
Fymada
 to tear down the railraods and automatic farms in 
Capitol City
 to build these machines, Fymada seems unsure about it since that was used to evacuate the towns, but Parrot says if they don't have another weapon to defeat them, there would be no place for anybody to evacuate to. 4C then asks theoretically if he were to get these materials, how quickly does Parrot expect him to build it, Parrot asks the question back, how quickly does he think he can build it? 4C says about eight hours, Parrot tells him to make it six and that he'll go fend off Cindercrest, he asks for 
CorporalPaul
, the leader of 
The LAW
 for his help. 

Parrot explains if Cindercrest was really going for HIghwater City next, they'd be in huge trouble. After the events of Merchant City, Parrot knows they won't use the blimp again. If they wanted to defeat Cindercrest at Highwater, 4C would have to build the machine in time. Since then Parrot knew they were heading to Highwater City, he deduces the path that they would probably be taking to go to it in order to delay them.

Parrot sees the massive army headed towards his direction, he tells his team their plan is to delay them and to not take any fights they don't have to take. Parrot walks in the middle with Flame, Parrot says he's glad they're finally having this conversation between just the two of them. Parrot wanted to talk to him specifically, not because he's the strongest player in Cindercrest, but because they used to be friends who fought in wars together. Parrot doesn't understand why Flame joined and he asks him why he joined and if he even knows who they are. Flame says he does and knows there's a whole story behind it. Parrot goes on to say those same players were the same people who destroyed an entire civilization that he made, and if they beat him in the war, they're going to take over his kingdom and kill tens of thousands of new players who don't deserve to die. He tells Flame he doesn't understand why he'd join them and asks if it was a mixup, Flame says it's a long story and that 
Lomedy
 has his beliefs, Flame goes to bring Lomedy up to explain it himself. Parrot asks if Lomedy was the reason Flame joined Cindercrest, Lomedy says he is and that he's like everybody else in Cindercrest. Lomedy asks if Parrot even knows why he joined Cindercrest, he goes on to say Parrot becoming king is horrible, he lets people die from starvation and his kingdom is unsafe to the point where bandits killing people. He says it's hard to see as a farmer, Parrot tries to say he's been trying, but Flame interrupts and asks if it really is true that this is happening. Parrot says he's been trying his best, Lomedy says it's not enough and asks if he really cares about the server. Parrot asks would he be standing there if he didn't. Lomedy sees that he doesn't seem convinced, Flame says Parrot has a point and that he's been attacked by bandits within the kingdom too. Lomedy says he doesn't like to see people die, but he has no choice and that stopping Parrot is their best option. Parrot tells the two that he has a legion of hundreds of players, and that if they try to push forwards on the bridge instead of wrapping around the mountain, they won't hesitate to kill and to tell Saps that. 

Parrot goes back to his army, he doesn't see the the army of lawmen anywhere, which makes the total amount of their army lower than expected. Parrot reminds them the point of the battle is to not let them cross the bridge until the machine is fully built. The front group uses their bows as a wall of cobwebs is built. Theo hits Billy with slow falling and Parrot asks him to deal with Billy. A bunch of them get hunched up together and Theo manages to get tons of kills with his TNT minecarts. This causes Cindercrest to slow down, but with how little players Parrot has in his army, they were still losing ground. Theo gets tons more kills, but Parrot's army keeps falling and are forced to fall back. Cindercrest reaches the end of the bridge, but are still pushed back from Theo, just as they're about to make it through, LAW arrives with their army and serves as a distraction as Parrot and his friends head into the town. 

As they get closer to the city, they see one of the two machines almost fully built. By this point, all of Highwater City had been evacuated and Parrot stationed one of his legions there and with more reinforcements coming. It was clear the battle for Highwater City would be the most important one during this entire war. They climb the scaffolding up to the machine, Parrot asks how the progress is going and 4C says it'll be done in about thirty minutes. Parrot asks if it could speed up, but 4C says it's not possible with just the three people that are already working on it. Parrot asks if he, Theo, or Reina could help, but 4C says no and that the mayor of Highwater City wasn't there, Parrot says they'll keep holding back Cindercrest for the time being. The three of them stand in front of the river, Parrot gives them the rundown of his plan and believes Cindercrest would come from the direction that they came from and hopes 4C finishes the machine in time. Theo gets bored waiting and wanders off, more time passes and Reina asks Parrot if it's true what Lomedy said and asks isn't the server meant to be infinite? Parrot says it technically is, and Reina asks why people are starving in an infinite world, in which Parrot doesn't know. Reina says he tried making food farms, Parrot says the city they're about to defend should be able to supply most of his kingdom with food, but for some reason, there's never enough to go around and he can't figure out the reason. Reina asks about the bandits, Parrot says he tried his best, but they come back stronger each time. Parrot asks Reina what she's going to do after defeating Cindercrest, and Reina says she's going to quit the server. Parrot is surprised that she's going to leave the server after working so hard to defeating Cindercrest, she asks what there is to do on the server and Parrot says there's so many places to go, builds to see, people to meet, and asks if she's interested in doing any of those things, and Reina seems unsure about it. A flashback plays with Reina and 
Zoe
 where Zoe gives Reina a white flower and a promise that they'll both survive. Parrot tells her to think about it and that him and Theo have been on the server for so long, he asks Theo to back him up, but Theo's too distracted doing a triple neo jump and forgets the question.

Parrot hears the horn being blown, which indicates that Cindercrest is here. Parrot has a small pep talk, he says this is going to be the most decisive battle of the entire war, Cindercrest is going to do everything they can to take over the city, which might mean they're going to take over the entire kingdom. Parrot tells Theo to resume his position on top of the artillery cannon, he then tells Reina he's going to delay as much as possible and when he tolds both of his totems out, that's her signal to fire. He wishes them luck, Reina looks back and sees a white flower on the ground, the same one Zoe gave her and picks it up. 

Cindercrest comes closer to him, Parrot tells Saps before he invades the city, he wants to have a conversation with him. Parrot has them in the perfect position and needs to wait it out until nighttime for 4C to finish the machine. Parrot says he knows what he's trying to do, he thinks Saps is trying to invade the city and cut off the food supply that he can starve his entire kingdom and win the war. He asks Saps if it was really necessary, Saps asks him for a good reason not to, Parrot asks if he knows how many people are going to starve to death and how many innocent players are going to die and he doesn't care if he's an old player, that doesn't give him a right to kill new players. Saps asks if he knows how many people have already suffered and this is one step of making sure this won't happen again. Parrot tells Flame he doesn't have to do this, but Flame says over time, his opinion of Parrot changed. Saps gives him the chance to surrender and give up king to make things right, Parrot says they were so close to making sure there were no more bandits or anybody starving before Cindercrest invaded. Parrot says they can turn back now, Saps said it's all his fault, after he opened up spawn, there hadn't been enough food to go around for all the players. Saps says he was apart of Capitol City with his friends, but after Parrot opened it up, there wasn't enough food to go around and forced to leave Capitol City to build their own food farm. Although they settled down with their own food farms, but Saps and his friends didn't have the protection of Capitol City, which caused bandits to attack them and have all of Saps' friends die. He says Parrot ruined the server with the decision of letting players in and that's why he's going to take it back and reminds Parrot that he vowed to protect all of them. Parrot says he's not the first person to say that to him and apologizes, he gives them one last chance to turn back. Saps asks Parrot one question, who is he going to save; the new players or the old ones. Parrot says one day, the players in his kingdom won't have to fight to survive, one day, his kingdom will be big enough for anyone to live in. Parrot says he needed enough time to stop all of these problems, but Saps says it's already too late, he says what makes him weak is that people are starving and dying to bandits and only wants Parrot to close off spawn. He then tells Parrot that he can't bring himself to watch his people die and that he can't even bring himself to kill Saps himself. Just as he says that, Parrot pulls out his other totem, arrows instantly shoot his direction and kill off 70% of the Cindercrest army, Saps is forced to retreat back down to water. 

With the arrow cannon, Cindercrest couldn't get close to the city. While they waited around thinking of what to do, the reinforcements Parrot called for went to their location to wipe them out. He knew that Saps was going to tell Billy to destroy the cannon, which happened just as expected. Parrot tells Theo to fire the cannon, he watches arrows follow Billy from behind, which causes Billy to retreat. With the two arrow cannons, Cindercrest couldn't fight on air or land, and with no time left, it wouldn't be long before Parrot's reinforcements got to them. With Cindercrest being down to their last sixty players, this was going to be the end of the war. Parrot sees they're going for a fullscale invasion and tells Reina to start shooting. Parrot watches from a top of a building and wonders what their plan is as he watches Cindercrest dies. In the distance, Flame went invis and snuck down to the artillery cannon to blow it up, Billy was also to fly up to the arrow cannon and destroyed that as well. Parrot says they killed off most of Cindercrest and were probably able to fight the rest off. He towers up on a booth and sees Saps blowing the horn, Saps looks back, but says nothing to him. Parrot runs around the city aimlessly, he spots two people flying into the vicinity, he uses his spyglass and is in disbelief when he sees 
Wemmbu
 flying towards the city. He warns everyone there that an 
orbital strike cannon
 is about the hit and to get down. Parrot has his army retreat, he gets Reina, and tries to get Theo, but Theo believes the fight is still winnable. Parrot tells him they lost Highwater City due to Wemmbu being there, Theo mentions that 
arachn1d_
 is there too, which rubs salt in the wound for Parrot. As Parrot is trying to escape, 
Yungyx
 tasks Wemmbu to kill Parrot. Parrot runs out of the city with Reina and Theo following him, Parrot says they have to go, but Theo thinks they could still try, Parrot reminds him that they have three Elytra-macers on their team and Flame, there was no way for them to win this battle. As they sail away, Parrot realizes that Saps sacrificed the rest of his army to serve as a distraction for Flame. Theo asks what they do now, but Parrot has no idea anymore.

In the final scene, Saps stands above everyone remaining over at Highwater City, he tells them if anyone joined the server before Parrot and put that crown on his head, that Saps is not their enemy, but rather Parrot. He asks them if they remember what the server used to be, when Capitol City had enough food, when farms fed the farmers, when every house, every road meant something because they made it. He says Parrot opened spawn and called it mercy, called it saving people, Saps says it actually invited thousands of starving players into a kingdom that could barely feed its own people. When there was nothing left for the old players, he told them to be patient. Now that they had control over Highwater City, they cut off all the food supply coming into Parrot's kingdom, which would force the players inside to either starve or surrender. Before they march into the kingdom, Saps has an announcement to all the players of the server, if they joined the server before Parrot became king, they may join Cindercrest. When Cindercrest takes over the server, those who join them will be spared, and anyone else will be killed. He says this battle marks the beginning of the end of Parrot's reign, where he wanted a world big enough for everyone, but Saps is building one big enough for the people who deserve it.

Quotes

"it's snowing, it's raining loot hallelujah" - TheobaldTheBird

Trivia

Although Lettuce isn't apart of the video, his name can be shown through the prison's walls.

Twirps
' alt account The_BanditKing can also be seen in the video, which also happens to be his Twitter handle.

Due to the current A/B test the video will either show as "Unstable SMP: Civil War" or "1000 Players Simulate Civil War in Minecraft"

In the Parrot's army there was a player with the nickname TeamKalal_, which refers to 
TeamKalal
.

The bomber planes that the Mafia used can be seen on the map of Parrot's kingdom.

Navigation

↑
 
https://x.com/DaRealRexinald/status/2055719456102609095/photo/1

↑
 
https://x.com/hannythef4nny/status/2055732043691045014/photo/1

↑
 
https://prnt.sc/iu4IRTOJI6E4