Well, this really was an Unstable Universe.
— Wato1876 to 
Unstable SMP: The Mafia

Wato1876
, also known as 
Wato
, is a supporting character in Unstable Universe. He is known for building escape rooms, taking commissions from other players. He has since quit the Unstable SMP.

Contents

1
 
Personality

2
 
History

3
 
Gallery

3.1
 
Thumbnails

4
 
Trivia

5
 
Navigation

Personality

Wato is shown to be mostly reserved, choosing to stay hidden rather than actively take part in conflict. He also generally dislikes social interaction with other people, being highly inscrutable to both 
Wemmbu
 and 
PrinceZam
.  

Despite his deadpan personality, he does seem to somewhat develop a unique friendship with Wemmbu; later on 
during the latter's escape
, he expresses genuine concern for his safety, going as far as defying 
ClownPierce
's orders to secure their safety. He values loyalty, although he recognizes that sometimes people do what is necessary for survival. he is stubborn and holds his morals near to his heart, although he is willing to let them go if he is in danger.   

His closest ally seems to be Kenadian, and he often follows his lead, like when he joined the mafia with him. They also were the leaders of the Farmers Faction together, alongside Wifies.    

History

Wemmbu and PrinceZam are trapped by ClownPierce in an escape room made by Wato1876.

Wato1876 is seen as a member of 
Skyblock Civilization
.

Wato1876 is seen as a member of the Farming District in 
Far Lands
.

Wato1876 joins 
District 13
. he later leaves and joins 
The Invisible Mafia
.

Wato1876 helps during the break in of the spawn prison made by the Mafia.

Gallery

Thumbnails

Trivia

Wato (non-canonically) built nearly all the traps shown in 
Season 2
.

Within the Unstable Universe server, he has designed the following structures:

The Escape Room in 
I Uncovered Minecraft's Greatest Secret

The Escape Room in 
How I Solved Minecraft's Largest Escape Room

The Sand Grid Prison in 
I Got Hunted by the World's Best Minecraft Player

In some bloopers, Wato is shown to be the camera man for most pov, especially Parrot’s POV

In "How I Solved Minecraft's Largest Escape Room" Wato tells Wemmbu and Zam that Parrot and Wifies are much easier to work with. Later in the video, he even calls them his "star children". While this is most likely a joke, he does say he "tolerates" others more, Parrot and Wifies being among those few.

According to Wato in one of his streams, he said that he will not be in anymore Unstable videos.

Following up on Wato no longer being on Unstable, he put out a tweet on March 6th, 2026 that he is no longer associated with Unstable.

Navigation

↑
 
https://x.com/Wato1876/status/1928866115125440615

↑
 
https://x.com/Wato1876/status/2029808679524970610