Overview
History
Relationships
Videos
Gear

Relationships

Eggchan

Wemmbu and Eggchan are best friends, getting along despite Wemmbu frequently teasing and bullying Egg. They met on the server when Wemmbu invited Eggchan to his empire in 
I Created Minecraft's Greatest Civilization
. They have a very close bond, shown by how Egg is constantly being kidnapped by people who want something from Wemmbu. They know how effective Eggchan is as a bargaining chip, because of Wemmbu's fierce loyalty to his friend. 

Egg is usually Wemmbu's moral anchor (except for the incident of hanging a player over boiling lava to get them to talk), often holding him back from violence. When he's not there, such as when Egg was stuck in the end, Wemmbu often shows little moral restraint and tends to flex his power at the expense of others. 

Wemmbu often has to rescue Egg from dangerous situations, due to Egg's lack of PVP skill. However, Wemmbu doesn't understand a lot of the things Egg talks about and often makes fun of him for using big or scientific words.

They were together until Egg sacrificed his own freedom to allow Wemmbu to escape prison, and met again in 
I Mastered Minecraft Combat
, when Wemmbu popped the totem of an invisible player who ended up being Eggchan.  

After the 
Invisible Mafia
 fell, Egg and Wemmbu stuck together and were able to move past their disagreements in 
Unstable SMP: The Eggchan Empire
, showing the resilience of their friendship. In the farlands, Egg sacrificed himself for Wemmbu, getting shot into the End dimension so Wemmbu didn't have to.

Egg was later freed, and they've been adventuring together ever since.

SpokeIsHere

Spoke
 and Wemmbu were enemies back in 
PrinceZam Empire Arc
, with Wemmbu working with 
PrinceZam
, 
ParrotX2
, and 
Wifies
 to defeat the exploiter. 

Later on, they fixed their relationship and worked together to destroy 
The Mafia
.

Spoke was the one who led Wemmbu to the Mafia outpost where he fought 
FlameFrags
 using his orbitals. He helped Flame survive the fight against Wemmbu by giving him totems.

Spoke broke Wemmbu out of prison and in return Wemmbu owed him a favor. Spoke used the favor to assassinate 
Leo
 but failed. In exchange for his help, he told Wemmbu how to get 
Eggchan
 out of the end.

Later in the "Kings Arc,” Spoke helped Wemmbu as one of the 4 protagonists in the final Law Battle.  

ParrotX2

Wemmbu and Parrot worked together in the 
PrinceZam Empire Arc
 to defeat 
Spoke
, an exploiter. They teamed up when they realized Spoke was making them do the same puzzles.

Wemmbu helped Parrot hide from 
ClownPierce
, who was hunting him. He lied to ClownPierce and gave Parrot a place to hide in his empire.

ClownPierce created a prison, 
Proton
, in which he imprisoned various members of Unstable for his entertainment. Wemmbu escaped this prison and later returned to help Parrot and his friends.

Parrot and Wemmbu teamed up during the reign of the 
Invisible Mafia
. Parrot helped Wemmbu come up with a plan to kill a diamond player and get a mace. Wemmbu distracted ClownPierce and 
FerreMC
 while Spoke destroys the stasis chambers and Parrot kills 
Ashswagg
. While Parrot did not kill Ashswagg, they did successfully defeat the Mafia.

Parrot was hired by 
FlameFrags
 to find Wemmbu, who had faked his death. Parrot pretended to be Wemmbu’s alternate identity, the Invisible Knight, and managed to reveal him using wolves. This ultimately resulted in Wemmbu's capture by the Law, leading Wemmbu to gain a vendetta against Parrot. This would eventually be sated, however.

Parrot asked for Wemmbu’s help in the election. Parrot helped Wemmbu sneak back to spawn to reveal that he had escaped 
LettuceK’s
 prison. They successfully returned to the 
Northern Council
 and revealed Lettuce’s incompetence.

Wemmbu and Parrot worked together, along with Flame, Spoke, and various other players, to defeat 
The Law
.

When Wemmbu was forcibly indoctrinated into 
Arachn1d's nation
 and forced to fight against Parrot's army in the civil war, he chose to spare Parrot's life mid-battle. This was likely out of reverence for everything the two players have been through together.

FlameFrags

FlameFrags worked under 
PrinceZam
. At Zam’s request, he pretended to betray the empire and attacked Wemmbu’s empire, destroying it numerous times.

FlameFrags joined the 
Mafia
, where he kidnapped 
Eggchan
 and made Wemmbu give him his mace in exchange for Egg’s life.

Wemmbu attacked Flame’s base, but the fight ended in a stalemate as Flame showed Wemmbu around his house.

Wemmbu imprisoned Flame’s ally, 
JadenMAN
, in an underground civilization. Flame agreed to help Jaden get revenge, forming the 
Avengers
 and hunting down Wemmbu in the 
Far Lands
. However, Flame ended up betraying the team and gave Wemmbu back his mace which had been stolen from him by 
Sharpness
.

Flame and Wemmbu fought in a PVP tournament, where they constantly taunted each other throughout the rounds. Flame beat Wemmbu in the finals.

Wemmbu and Flame fought at an abandoned mafia outpost. Wemmbu used orbital strike canons and nearly killed Flame. Flame thought the fight was unfair and demanded a rematch.

When Wemmbu faked his death, Flame hunted him down, not believing the lie. He worked with 
Parrot
 to reveal Wemmbu’s identity. Before they could fight, however, 
The Law
 came.

The two put their fight on hold to kill The Law, fighting 1000 players. They grew closer in the experience, becoming friends after Wemmbu gave Flame the title of Strongest Player. They fought together once again to defeat the Law for good, their dynamic changing from hostile rivals to friendly competitors.

ManePear

ManePear
 helped Wemmbu destroy the 
Zam Empire
 after ManePear revealed he was unsatisfied by the working conditions.

Wemmbu later sought out ManePear as a mentor, so he could become a better fighter. ManePear agreed to be his mentor after Wemmbu revealed he had a mace. However, Wemmbu was constantly disobeying ManePear and going against him, so ManePear left a sign that read “Lost Cause.” He hasn’t been seen by Wemmbu since, but Wemmbu still uses the techniques ManePear taught him in his fights.

PrinceZam

PrinceZam and Wemmbu became allies in 
It's Impossible to Catch this Player
, united by their common goal of finding Spoke. They got along well until Zam asked if Wemmbu would betray him, and Wemmbu said he would if it was convenient. Wemmbu then left Zam in a 4v1, planting further distrust, but made up for it by elytra-macing their enemies. Despite his previous statement, Wemmbu seemed to be loyal to Zam, going as far as giving up his mace to save Zam's life.

PrinceZam tasked Wemmbu to expand his 
Civilization,
 claiming it had a vault of valuables under it but telling Wemmbu not to check the vault. Wemmbu obeyed. However, as assassins were sent after Wemmbu, Zam became a prime suspect and when Wemmbu checked the vault, there was nothing there. Zam blew up Wemmbu's empire and called him weak, saying he was too pathetic to kill. 

Zam gave Wemmbu an out, saying if Wemmbu left Zam alone Zam would do the same for him. However, Wemmbu wanted revenge and waged war on the Zam Empire, blowing it up with an orbital strike cannon. Throughout the war, Zam refused to kill Wemmbu, even when it made no sense and angered his guards.

During their final fight, Zam realized his mistake, but it was too late and both Zam and Wemmbu were put in a large prison by 
ClownPierce
. Zam was first paranoid and tried to kill Wemmbu, with Wemmbu avoiding Zam at all costs, but eventually they were able to begrudgingly get along and work together. This was ruined when Clown destroyed Zam's second empire as punishment for them working together, and Zam continued plotting to kill Wemmbu. Despite this, Wemmbu no longer held a grudge against Zam, since they were "even", and just wanted Zam to stop trying to kill him.

They were then put in an escape room, also by Clown, and this time they were willing to get along to escape. At first they were annoyed at having to work together, but soon they grew to actually like each other again. Wemmbu even fought ClownPierce so Zam could have a chance to escape.

Later Wemmbu was put in prison by the 
Law
, and reunited with Zam, who was also in prison. They got along and worked together to escape, with their relationship being fully repaired. They also fought in the Law war together.

ClownPierce

ClownPierce
 and Wemmbu are enemies on the Unstable SMP.

Wemmbu helped 
ParrotX2
 hide from Clown, who was hunting him.

Clown captured Wemmbu and 
PrinceZam
 after the PrinceZam Empire War. He put them in a prison, 
Proton
, for his own entertainment. When Wemmbu escaped, he captured him again and put him in an escape room with Zam. Wemmbu ended up fighting Clown at the end of the escape room to let Zam escape, although he lost the fight.

Wemmbu fought ClownPierce and 
FerreMC
, who were both apart of the 
Mafia
. He failed his first fight against them, being forced to run, but he came back and managed to hold his ground against Clown while  
Eggchan
 and 
Wato1876
 distracted Ferre. Wemmbu left when he determined he had bought Parrot and 
Spoke
 enough time to defeat the Mafia.

ClownPierce was falsely accused of killing Wemmbu by 
Boosfer
, who lied and told 
FlameFrags
 he had done it. Flame eventually found out about Boosfer’s lie. 

LettuceK

Lettuce was a part of the 
Skyblock Civilization
, the civilization Wemmbu found in the sky that he had a part in destroying. Lettuce was also part of the 
Ice Mountain Civilization
, which Wemmbu coincidentally also destroyed.

Wemmbu blew up 
The Law
’s base while trying to find 
FlameFrags
.

Later, during the 
Fake Identity Arc
, Lettuce interrupted Wemmbu’s fight with Flame, sending in Lawmen to kill Flame. They also hunted down Wemmbu after finding out he was alive. Flame and Wemmbu told Lettuce to send his entire army after them. He sent 1000 players, which the duo killed.

Lettuce captured Wemmbu after he fought Flame. He took a mace Wemmbu had dropped and imprisoned him. He brought him to the 
Northern Council
, where he announced to the server that Wemmbu was alive, imprisoned, and set to be executed for his crimes if Lettuce were to become King of Unstable.

Wemmbu escaped the Law prison with the help of 
Spoke
, but Lettuce kept it a secret in fear of losing support.

Wemmbu fled to the 
Great Sea
, seeking the help of his friend, 
JadenMAN
. Lettuce was attacking the Great Sea and was actively building an orbital strike canon to destroy Jaden’s Pirate Empire. Wemmbu tried to stop him, but failed. Lettuce captured Jaden and the empire was abandoned.

Parrot brought Wemmbu to spawn to expose Lettuce.

Wemmbu broke into the Law prison to free Jaden. He had already been rescued by Spoke, but he ended up teaming up with him and Flame (later also Parrot) to defeat Lettuce. They beat the army, but then had to decide what to do with Lettuce. Despite Wemmbu’s former urge to kill Lettuce, he voted to let him live after having a conversation with 
MinuteTech
.

When Lettuce was put in a cage, temporarily until he would be transferred to a formal prison, Wemmbu gave Lettuce a book he had written in the SkyBlock Civilization.