crashout of the century
— 
Wemmbu

Why I Destroyed the Unstable SMP
 is the 10th episode featured in 
Unstable Universe
. 

Plot

The episode starts with 
Wemmbu
 looking over the ruins of his civilization. 
Eggchan
 then joins shortly after to help him make a secret hideout under it. Wemmbu reveals to eggchan that he has an 
orbital cannon
 millions of blocks away, but he used it to show off to 
SpokeIsHere
 during the guard interview and would need to reset it. After a bit of disbelief over how many enemies they have, Egg agrees and they travel to it through the nether. Wemmbu discovers that his orbital cannon has been destroyed. With no resources to build another one, Wemmbu and Egg set out to make money. They fly to 
spawn
, where they find a giant 
PrinceZam
 statue, and build a message board advertising their griefing services with signs saying, "Do YOU need a build griefed?? Yes, you do.," "Meet at x: 50k z: 50k," and "I WILL BLOW UP WHATEVER YOU NEED." They hide in a hole while waiting for customers. At nightfall, they hear 
Roshambogames
. After revealing themselves, Ro says he wants Spoke's end base griefed and will pay them well. Before going, Wemmbu asks if he can give them stuff because they're broke. Ro gives them supplies as part of their payment.

Egg and Wemmbu fly to Spoke's base, which is filled with people. They decide between making missiles or just going in and blowing everything up by hand—Egg decides that they splash invis, go in, and TNT everything by hand. They manage to fill almost the entire first floor with TNT and blow it up before running away and restocking. Wemmbu distracts 
Mapicc
 and Spoke by summoning ten withers (two failed to deploy and three were incomplete) while Egg drops more TNT in the center. Spoke and Mapicc eventually find Wemmbu and immediately identify him despite being invisible because the four of them are the only ones online and fight him while he spams TNT and withers. While in pursuit, Wemmbu and Mapicc note the water's strange behavior. Once they blow up the second floor, Egg and Wemmbu escape. They go back to spawn and are paid a stack of netherite ingots each by Ro, who has been making a 
civilization
 of his own. Wemmbu reveals he's been making his own 
civilization
 and asks Ro how much PVPers cost. Ro says he pays a shulker of netherite each, since it takes a lot to risk their only life.

Wemmbu and Egg fly back to their business hole, but Wemmbu spots an obsidian pillar at exactly 50,000, 50,000 with a sign at the top that says "X: 19241 Z: 9930." They talk to the client invisibly and use signs to protect their identities. They pass by a crater in a spruce forest and end up in the now ruined headquarters of the Clown hunters (
Leow0ok
, 
JumperWho
, 
Derapchu
, and 
Woogiex
) where they meet Woogie. Wemmbu asks what happened to the base and Woogie reveals that 
ClownPierce
 destroyed it in the five minutes they were away. Wemmbu asks if Woogie wants anything blown up, and Woogie keeps expositioning, but points out 
FerreMC
. Wemmbu says Ferre is scary and it will cost a lot to blow his base up. Woogie says he'll pay a shulker of netherite blocks, which Wemmbu gladly accepts. They talk about locations, and Woogie mentions Ferre's tower, which he said he could show them, but Wemmbu asks for coordinates instead since he didn't want him to die before they got paid. Wemmbu asks Woogie what his goals were right as their invisibility runs out, prompting him and Egg to go underground and repot while he isn't looking. They finish the deal and Wemmbu asks for the coordinates in a DM. Wemmbu asks Egg for some rockets, and Woogie says they really need the job if they need to share rockets. Wemmbu punches him repeatedly, and they fly away and reconvene. Egg and Wemmbu plan what they need to do for the job, and Egg asks who Ferre is. Wemmbu explains that Ferre is Clown's coach, and Egg is shocked that Minecraft coaches are an actual thing that exists.

They pot invis, fly to Ferre's tower, and enter through the top window into his bedroom and sneak around the lower floors while avoiding Ferre before heading back to the bedroom to report. They sneak back downstairs to see what's on the ground floor, where Wemmbu sees Ferre go inside a secret room. Wemmbu is hesitant in going in despite his curiosity, because he doesn't want to make noise, but he sees Egg's particles waiting by the door and decides to join. They are caught off guard while waiting, but Wemmbu hears footsteps right as Egg repots, but luckily, nothing came of it. Eventually, Ferre comes out and flies away. Wemmbu and Egg go inside and unmute, rushing down the hallway and barely missing two traps before figuring out it's caused by sculk and sneaking the rest of the way to a room filled with basic items and refill shulkers. As finish stealing the shulkers and escape, Ferre catches and starts attacking them. They both escape, but Ferre targets Wemmbu. Wemmbu lies to Ferre, saying that 
ClownPierce
 sent him to see if he was up to par and that he didn't steal anything. Ferre doesn't believe him and just keeps chasing him. Wemmbu eventually to loses Ferre and hides underground. He whispers to Egg that he'll AFK for a bit to ensure that Ferre goes away and tells him to meet at the civilization ruins. Ferre manages to find Wemmbu's hiding place while Wemmbu stays hidden in the walls. After a bit of searching by sight, Ferre starts using TNT to excavate the area. Wemmbu starts using the explosion noises to mask his mining and block placement as he tunnels downward. Eventually, Ferre says, "There's no point," and after a bit of waiting and hearing no noise, Wemmbu mines up and flies back to his civilization's underground base.

Wemmbu and Egg discuss how to blow up Ferre's tower, but concludes that using world eaters or going underground won't work. Egg says that they just have to go in and blow things up, but Wemmbu denies that, saying they should come up with something smarter. He asks to see the resources they stole to check if they have enough to build an orbital cannon, which they have except for a few activator rails, which would be easy to craft. Wemmbu says that despite having practically everything, it would still take them a whole day, which is time they don't have, especially since Ferre knows they are there. Wemmbu proposes building missile planes that would be faster but riskier, which Egg approves of. He asks for an explanation on what a missile plane is because he has no idea what technobabble that Wemmbu uses is, saying that he came to the server to build a colony and has had to adapt to the various conflicts like an insect that digs underground every time it sees predators.

The two of them then fly back to Ferre's tower, and after a bit of surveying, they start building the missile planes somewhat far away (possibly outside his render distance) while Ferre is patrolling the perimeter of his tower. Two of the six missiles pick up blocks they weren't meant to, and Wemmbu fixes them as they fly. Once Ferre notices the missiles, Wemmbu messages Egg to come in as bait while Wemmbu spams TNT, but Ferre targets Wemmbu instead and pops one of his totems. They regroup on the roof and decide to do what they did in Spoke's end base. Wemmbu asks Egg for more rockets, but Ferre interrupts them, so Wemmbu dives underwater when he runs out. Wemmbu once again asks Egg for rockets and tells him to drop them in front of the tower. He tells Egg to distract Ferre, but it takes him a long while to do so since he can't see Wemmbu and Ferre fighting in the river. He eventually surfaces, and Egg drops Wemmbu sixteen rockets. Ferre pops another of Wemmbu's totems as he flies away, telling Egg to finish the job without him. Wemmbu asks Ferre if he's going to turn around and prevent his tower from getting griefed, but Ferre says that he is abandoning the base and that it was between the two of them now. Wemmbu uses pearl misdirects when his rockets run out and hides underground when he loses Ferre and tells Egg to leave. Egg asks for Wemmbu's coordinates and they regroup. Wemmbu asks for more rockets, and Egg gives him ten rockets.

Wemmbu and Egg fly back to Leo's headquarters to talk to Woogie, who reveals he did, in fact, see when Wemmbu and Egg's invis ran out. Woogie also reveals that he doesn't actually have a shulker of netherite blocks and that he can't get more resources from Leo because he disappeared. Wemmbu asks who else Woogie was working with, and he tells Wemmbu that 
Willsion
 disappeared before the self-sealing base, then Derapchu disappeared shortly after, and that it was just him, Leo, and Jumper until Leo disappeared, as well as Clown. Woogie gives Wemmbu a shulker of netherite ingots, then threatens to report Wemmbu to Zam if he didn't destroy Ferre's base. Wemmbu retorts that they did, so there's no need to do it. Woogie questions how the water is flowing mid-air as though it were on the ground. Wemmbu asks Woogie if he has any more jobs because they could use the money, but Woogie says he already gave Wemmbu most of what he has, but mentions the Treasure Hunters, who rival Leo in wealth, their source of money a mystery. Wemmbu says the information makes up for Woogie not paying in full and asks Egg if they should chop off his toes. Egg says it isn't necessary, so they bid each other good luck.

Wemmbu and Egg fly away to find the Treasure Hunters, saying that the price of undying loyalty is a shulker of netherite blocks and that the only thing that can be trusted is money. They head to spawn as a start and find that it's changed a lot. They see 
Peentar
 and 
ManePear
, who take them to Zam, who says that life is full of gifts and surprises. They take him to one of the new houses at spawn as Wemmbu took off his boots. Zam greets him with a "My sweet, sweet Wemmbu," while Wemmbu steals a brown shulker, which Zam forces him to return by attacking him. Mane asks where his boots are, and Wemmbu lies, saying 
FlameFrags
 broke them. Wemmbu asks if Zam is here to yap at him, and Zam confirms, saying it's his favorite thing to do while punching Wemmbu, which Wemmbu comments feels like abuse. Wemmbu's totem eventually pops, and Zam stops, saying that things haven't been going well for Wemmbu and that he's like a bug he can crush under his finger, that he's just a little Wemmbu guy. Zam gives Wemmbu a tour around the latest 
Zam Empire
 expansion, which is filled with houses that come with security he plans on renting off in exchange for gear. Zam hits Wemmbu with flaming arrows, and Wemmbu gives him a harming arrow. Zam comments on his ability to keep calm, which he thinks is interesting, and Wemmbu replies that he knows if Zam wanted him dead, he would be by now. Zam retorts he could change his mind at the drop of a hat, and Wemmbu calls him a mad and insane PrinceZam. Wemmbu asks why Mane is just sitting in the corner naked, and Zam tells him to stop it because they're making him look less threatening. Mane asks why they can't have fun, but apologizes when Zam orders Peentar to pull down Mane's pants. Zam tells Mane to escort Wemmbu out and that he's not allowed at spawn. Wemmbu retorts that he can't just ban people from spawn, but Zam says that he can and he will.

As Mane escorts Wemmbu and Egg all the way out into the forest, he asks Wemmbu if he needs help, saying that he doesn't like being under Zam because of how strict he is. After Wemmbu checks the vicinity for Zam, Mane asks if there was a trust exercise he could do. Wemmbu throws away an instant damage arrow and a white tulip, which Mane picks up, but Wemmbu denies that it's for him. Mane says he sees how it is. Wemmbu asks Egg if Mane can do anything to prove himself, but comes to the conclusion that they just have to trust him since they aren't in a position not to. Wemmbu reveals he was lying about being broke and says that his trust test would be to not tell Zam. Wemmbu asks Mane about the Treasure Hunters, and he explains that they used to go to the Zam Empire to steal materials until it eventually sizzled down, and that he knows where their headquarters are. Mane gives him the coordinates, and Wemmbu asks Egg if they should trust him. Egg says no because he feels like every time Zam does something to them, it's in the most elaborate, complex, unnecessary way possible in order to humiliate Wemmbu. This feels like one of those schemes and that he associates anything elaborate with Zam, because why don't they do it efficiently? Wemmbu says that it's the only lead they have ,and if Zam is keeping people out of spawn, that means nobody would see their ad. Egg asks Wemmbu about 
ParrotX2
, but Wemmbu says that they haven't talked to each other in a while. Egg proposes that they should grief more bases and claim that he and Wemmbu did it. Wemmbu retorts that that would be a bad idea and that Zam would kill them. Their only saving grace is that Zam thought they are poor. Egg proposes double agenting, but Wemmbu retorts that Zam would just take him hostage. They end up deciding to just go to the coordinates and that if it is a trap, they would avoid it.

Wemmbu and Egg fly to the coordinates and find an office building with 
Kierrrr
 and 
Its_Dev_
 inside. Kier is missing his helmet while Dev is missing his boots. Wemmbu asks them about it, and they reply that it's a fashion statement. Wemmbu and Egg talk outside while Kier and Dev stay inside to discuss with each other too. Egg calls them simple-minded and they head back inside. Kier and Dev ask what they want, and Wemmbu asks if they're the Treasure Hunters, but they have no idea what they are. Kier and Dev ask again, since they didn't answer their question, and Wemmbu replies they are looking for the Treasure Hunters so they can be hired to grief people, to which they answer that they can point them to some people who would do that. Wemmbu asks that if they aren't the Treasure Hunters, then who are they? Kier and Dev ask if they can trust them before discussing with each other. Dev asks them to follow him, where they lead them to one of the Treasure Hunters. Egg whispers that he doesn't want to work with Kier and Dev, even if they are telling the truth, but Wemmbu whispers that they can take them if they need to.

Egg and Wemmbu follow Kier and Dev to a meeting room on the top floor where 
Boosfer
, Kier, and Dev are sitting at a table. Dev asks what they want, and Wemmbu explains that they are looking for the Treasure Hunters so they could be hired to grief things because they needed money for "personal things," and that they may have been misled to believe that Kier, Boosfer, and Dev are the Treasure Hunters. Boosfer asks what Wemmbu and Egg would want from them if they were hypothetically the Treasure Hunters. Wemmbu replies that they would blow stuff up for payment. Boosfer replies that they love explosions and asks that if, hypothetically, they had the resources, how much would the payment be? Wemmbu replies that it depends on the job. Boosfer tosses a stack of netherite ingots to them and asks how much it would buy. Wemmbu replies, "A moderately-sized building." Boosfer then tosses a stack of netherite blocks to them, and Wemmbu comments on how Boosfer is just tossing them around. Boosfer says they can give them more if needed and asks how big the explosion would be, then tosses them another stack of netherite ingots. Wemmbu replies that it depends on the job, and that they could definitely make things work. Wemmbu asks what they need them to do, and Boosfer just replies, "Big explosion," which leaves Wemmbu confused. Dev whispers to Boosfer that they can explode "the valley," and Boosfer tells Wemmbu that they want to explode a valley the size of a biome on July 1st, 1:00 PM. Wemmbu asks why the date is so specific, and Boosfer fumbles for a bit before saying that it's for Kier's birthday. Boosfer asks if they have a deal, and tosses them a stack of diamond blocks. Dev and Boosfer say that they are sure they have a deal. Wemmbu asks if they were actually the Treasure Hunters, and Boosfer says that what he's about to say is confidential, and if it leaves the room, they are dead. He reveals that he built the office just for show and that his helpers were also for show. They stole treasure for fun, but if things got stolen and they didn't have a base, it would be suspicious, so they needed a front. Boosfer says he was surprised that they found their base and that they needed to take care of the leaks. Egg says it was Mane, then pretends that he thought they were in Mane's base when Wemmbu whispers to him, "YO." They run through the job one more time, and Egg asks to be escorted out, which Wembbu questions why. Kier and Dev lead them to the window and punch them out.

Wemmbu and Egg fly away and Wemmbu comments on how suspicious the whole affair was, especially with how Kier and Dev suddenly locked in. He asks how much they got from Boosfer, which is two stacks of diamond blocks, a stack of netherite blocks, and two stacks of netherite ingots. Wemmbu scolds Egg for almost leaking Mane, but Egg retorts, saying it would be a whole Zam guard gone. Wemmbu realizes that he's right. Egg says their birthday excuse was nonsense, which Wemmbu agrees. Egg says that them wanting a whole biome gone is suspicious and that there's something going on. Wemmbu agrees but says they should just get the job done. They head to the coordinates to scout the biome out and find a giant tree with Egg joking that they found 
Yggdrasil
 and destroying it might crash the server. They scout the tree while invisible to see how big it actually is. Egg whispers that they don't have the firepower to bomb the whole thing, but Wemmbu whispers that there has to be something here. Egg whispers that he can check the tree, but Wemmbu replies that it's not a good idea with Boosfer specifying the valley and not the tree. Egg replies it's because that's what he's hiding, which Wemmbu agrees. Egg whispers that he found an elder guardian and that it's wide enough to have stuff inside. Wemmbu whispers to back away from it and that there might be people inside. He asks why he would destroy the valley and not the tree itself before repotting. Egg retorts that they didn't check the Wemmbu Civilization vault until it was too late and that they didn't want to make the same mistake twice. Wemmbu says not to do it because Boosfer won't pay them. Egg relents, but tells him not to blame him when it turns out to be a fatal mistake. He continues checking the tree and reports what he sees to Wemmbu. Neither see anyone and conclude it's safe to elytra. Wemmbu digs down and tells Egg there's nothing under the tree. They meet back up and discuss how they're going to blow everything up. Wemmbu proposes a bomber plane that can rain TNT down from one end to the other. Egg comments that everything they do is so morally questionable that he doesn't feel good being on the server anymore. Wemmbu replies that they have to make the money. They discuss how sketchy the tree is, and fly back to their underground base.

Wemmbu checks if they have enough resources for bomber planes, which they do, and puts them in his ender chest. Egg says his girlfriend is coming over and that Wemmbu might be on his own. He says that he doesn't think he's cut out to be a fighter, and just a little man in a cruel world, then logs out. Wemmbu laughs and says, "Okay, I guess I'm doing this on my own," before leaving the meeting room to stare at the ruins of his civilization. He does an inventory check and leaves to make bomber planes in the valley. After he finishes them, he murmurs to himself how he needs to monologue on his video instead of having Egg do it. He gives some explanations while activating the planes. He needs to manually blow up the ravine because the planes can't reach down there. He had to build three planes because the path is stupid and it winds. He flies around, showing off the plane and carpet-bombing the valley, which is barely making a dent in the ground, so he resolves to doing it manually. He commentates that the best way to blow something up is to do it yourself and with the wither skulls from 
ParrotX2's
 old base. Wemmbu spawns three withers, one of which fails to deploy, and sees that the bomber planes are working properly. He spawns five more withers and flies up to see a watermelon pillar with a bridge near the tree that wasn't there before. He finds out two of the planes broke for some reason, while the third plane is moving too fast, then concludes that it's because he unloaded the chunks that broke the planes.

He flies to the bridge and finds Parrot and 
Wifies
 there with Wifies greeting him and Parrot panickedly telling him to get out. He asks if Wemmbu built the planes. Wemmbu confirms that. Parrot incredulously asks why, and Wemmbu replies that he was paid to blow up the valley. Wifies asks, confused, why. Wemmbu replies that he doesn't know. Wifies asks by who, and Wemmbu hesitates, saying he doesn't know if he's allowed to tell them, but Parrot interrupts, guessing it was Boosfer, Kier, and Dev. Wemmbu says he can't confirm nor deny it for fear of legal repercussions. He spleefs Parrot and cuts down a bit of the melon bridge just as a wither breaks the last plane before Parrot calls him over. They mess up the planes further, but Wemmbu isn't really that mad about it because it is already broken. Wemmbu asks what they're doing, and Parrot asks what it looks like they're doing. Wemmbu replies that he doesn't know because Parrot is always doing the oddest things. Parrot says that Wemmbu is blowing up 
rekrap2's
 base, which Parrot and Wifies were trying to protect. Wemmbu just replies that they paid him to blow it up, so… Parrot sighs and asks if he was just going to blow it up. Wemmbu replies, "Yeah," then flies away as Parrot calls for him. Wemmbu spawns three more withers before Parrot whispers to Wemmbu to come back for an offer. He asks if he's just doing it to get paid, and Wemmbu replies, "Yes." Parrot asks why, and Wemmbu tells him he needs money. Parrot asks Wemmbu if he can make an exception for Rekrap's base. Wemmbu retorts, asking when the last time they saw Rekrap was, and Parrot replies that Rekrap's gone and that they're searching for him. Wemmbu replies that he won't care about his base and that it's a win-win. Parrot explains a bunch of players disappeared, but that Wemmbu wouldn't care about them and that they're on a scavenger hunt again. He asks Wemmbu if he knows what the Treasure Hunters' actual jobs are, and when Wemmbu says not really, he explains that what they actually do is steal people's most prized possessions and sell them, to which Wemmbu replies that it makes sense. Parrot explains that they were doing a quest and that the Treasure Hunters pulled up, threatening them that if they didn't give them what they wanted, they would blow Rekrap's base up, which Wemmbu is doing. Parrot tries to reason with Wemmbu to not go against the people who have the server's best interests in mind, and instead go against the people who have way more riches than what they have given. Wemmbu retorts that he doesn't really care about the server and that he's not intentionally targeting Parrot, and that he was just in Wemmbu's way. Parrot asks what happened to Wemmbu's empire, and Wemmbu explains that Zam blew it up. Parrot asks if he was going to stoop to Zam's level, if he was just going to blow up an innocent player's base for his own benefit. Wemmbu asks what else he can do. Parrot says he can not do it, and Wemmbu replies, baffled, "What else am I going to do, not get revenge and just get bullied by Zam forever?" He starts fidgeting with the items around him and asks Parrot what their plans are, to just steal from the Treasure Hunters? Parrot asks Wemmbu if he really was planning to beat Zam with Zam's game or with his own. He welcomes Wemmbu to the team after a moment of silence, which Wifies and Wemmbu both comment is bold of him to do. Wemmbu asks Parrot if they have the Treasure Hunters' location and what their plan is supposed to be, considering Parrot is naked and Wifies is in leather armour. Wemmbu compromises, saying he'll blow up the parts they don't care about and still claim the payment. Then he can help them find the Treasure Hunters' vault. He asks them why they aren't wearing netherite, and Parrot explains that it's part of the rules of the quest. Wemmbu asks what parts he can blow up, and Parrot replies that he can only blow up the top of the tree, but Wemmbu explains that it's already been blown up. He asks if there's a way to make it seem like he blew up the whole area without actually doing so, and Parrot replies he can do so by not blowing up the underground base, to which Wemmbu happily takes his TNT shulker and heads to the ground to blow it up.

Wemmbu asks them if they can help place TNT, and they agree. He asks Parrot who's watching them, and they can't provide an answer, but Wifies says they'd rather not take any chances. Wemmbu asks Wifies how he's doing, and Wifies replies he's better than the times he's been kidnapped and mentions that it's happened quite a few times. Wemmbu says he won't not not not not not not not kidnap Wifies. He replies that he likes the sound of that. Wemmbu assumes that the Treasure Hunters didn't know the base was there and that they were following them to find it, but Parrot mentions that they were jumped in the actual base. Parrot asks Wemmbu why he's doing this, and Wemmbu replies he's doing it for money and that he's good at it, and has to make ends meet. He mentions that Boosfer was being vague and he didn't trust him either. Wemmbu asks if it is okay if the top portion is blown up since he didn't want to stoop to Zam's level. Parrot replies that the best-case scenario was that it wasn't, but that it was okay in order to convince the Treasure Hunters. Wemmbu flies up and surveys the area, concluding that it's pretty destroyed. The three of them head to the underground base and start planning. Parrot and Wifies conclude that while on a quest, they shouldn't wear armour, but between quests should be fine. Wemmbu tells the other two to tell him when they've completed their quest so that they can rob the Treasure Hunters. Parrot and Wifies go to complete their current quest while Wemmbu collects his payment.

Wemmbu goes to Kier and Dev, who escort him to Boosfer. Kier and Dev confirm to Boosfer that Wemmbu did a good job blowing up Rekrap's base, and Boosfer gives Wemmbu a black shulker filled with netherite blocks as payment. Boosfer asks if Wemmbu wants more jobs, but Wemmbu asks what was it that he blew up, and that Parrot and Wifies were upset. Boosfer asks if he was up to the task. Wemmbu confirms that he is, just that he wants more information. Boosfer asks if he and Parrot are friends, and Wemmbu replies that they kinda are. He asks if Wemmbu is still fit to do the job, or if they should pass it on to the next candidate. Wemmbu says that he'll think about it, and Boosfer agrees to give him a couple of days, but Dev makes him reduce it to just one day. Boosfer has him leave because he's tired of looking at his face, and Kier and Dev escort Wemmbu out.

Wemmbu heads back to the Wemmbu Civilization ruins and paces around the inner obsidian wall. Parrot and Wifies arrive, and Parrot asks if there was a reason Wemmbu wanted to meet them there. Wemmbu replies that he's been thinking. Parrot and Wifies reply that they've been thinking too. Wemmbu leads them into the underground base and explains that it's his and Egg's hidey hole, but that Egg's been busy. He asks if they finished their quest, and they reply that they need him for something. He says that he needs them for something too, both of which is to blow up the Treasure Hunters' headquarters. Wemmbu explains his first meeting with Boosfer and Boosfer's monologue about being in plain sight. He says that there might be a base in their headquarters, but that he'd still want to blow up the headquarters regardless because they threatened his life. Parrot says that they don't care about the Treasure Hunters' items and that they just don't want them to interfere in their quest. Wemmbu says that he has the materials that he's sure they were familiar with. Parrot guesses that it's an orbital strike cannon, to which Wemmbu asks if they'll be down to help him build it. Parrot agrees, but asks if it'll only be used on the Treasure Hunters. Wemmbu says it'll also be used on Zam, but they didn't care about that. He relays the lesson he's learned throughout his career in griefing: that it's best to manually blow things up, not use complicated redstone machines. Parrot concludes that there's no need to build a cannon and makes Wemmbu promise to use it only for one shot on Boosfer and one shot on Zam for them to agree to help him since any more than that would cause a domino effect of destruction. Wemmbu says that he's built orbital cannons alone before, but agrees. They fly to a remote location to build the cannon.

Wemmbu asks if they want to help him wage war against Zam, and Parrot denies, saying that they just want to find the missing players. Wemmbu then mentions that Zam is a menace to the server as motivation for Parrot, and that they're basically fighting a war together by going against Boosfer. Parrot relents, saying that if it were Wemmbu five weeks ago, he would've denied, but this time, he accepts. They head to the Treasure Hunters' base, where they pass by a lone tree dubbed "Waypoint Tree." Parrot misses all of the pots, and Wembbu says it's okay because he wasn't gonna use them anyway. They head in and strike it just as it renders in. As the cannon blows the building up, Wemmbu goes in and withers the first floor, where Dev finds him and exclaims that he can't believe he betrayed them, to which Wemmbu replies that he didn't betray them. He was never on their side in the first place. Once six withers are spawned, Wemmbu goes to the top floor to spawn more, only to see that it's already been blown up by the orbital cannon. Wemmbu spams TNT, but the Treasure Hunters interrupt him. They start a 3 v 3 while Parrot and Wifies try to spam TNT. Dev's helmet and boots pop, and he goes to the vault before escaping, which leads Wemmbu to them. Kier follows inside and attempts to prevent Wemmbu from getting anything, but his helmet and boots break, forcing him to retreat and let Wemmbu take everything. He tells Parrot and Wifies to come into the vault and e-chest everything they can before escaping.

Parrot asks for an e-chest and tries to give it to Wemmbu, but Wemmbu tells him to keep it because his e-chest is full and he can get it from him later. Parrot tries to bury it in a normal chest, but Wemmbu tells him that that's a bad idea and reiterates that he'll get it from Parrot later. Parrot finally relents and e-chests the diamonds while exclaiming that the Treasure Hunters are hoarders. Parrot and Wifies continue to hunt for Clown and Wemmbu prepares for his war against Zam.

Wemmbu goes back to the civilization ruins to stand on the inner wall and observe the sunrise, saying that everything is ready. Egg logs on and Wemmbu greets him. Egg says that his girlfriend is finally gone, and Wemmbu celebrates, but his mic cuts off. Egg says that she gave him the strength to come back and be a mole. Wemmbu asks what he's talking about, and Egg says that he's low on the food chain. He proceeds to tell Egg that they're rich now and leads him to the Zam statue at spawn to blow it up as a declaration of war. Wemmbu asks Egg if they should blow up the village as well, but Egg says that they have to leave the people alone. 

Wemmbu places a sign that says "- wemmbu" at the foot of the blown-up statue to alert them that they have declared war on the PrinceZam Empire.

Trivia

This episode was originally titled "Why I Destroyed Our Minecraft Server".

Thumbnail

This episode's thumbnail depicts Wemmbu (left) holding out a diamond sword, with a big mushroom cloud (right) with blocks clearly visible, demonstrating that something got blown up.