The 
Zam Empire Arc
 or PrinceZam Empire Arc is the first arc in 
Unstable Universe
.

Contents

1
 
Story

1.1
 
The Exploits

1.2
 
Zam Empire Conflict

1.3
 
The Experiment

Story

The Exploits

SpokeIsHere
 discovered a number of different exploits, and paid 
TheRealSquiddo
 using exploited items to create 
The Wonders
 as a cover for his work. 
Wemmbu
 began to suspect he was up to something, culminating in a battle beneath one of the Wonders that led to Spoke deciding to destroy the Wonders.

ParrotX2
 and 
Roshambogames
 tried to protect the Wonders as Spoke destroyed them one by one. Ro was revealed to be working with Wemmbu against Parrot, and the final Wonder was destroyed.

Wemmbu discovered a giant vault created by Spoke, supposedly containing exploited items, and broke through several layers of security before being met with Spoke, who revealed the vault to be a prison. Wemmbu narrowly managed to escape, forcing Spoke to stasis away.

Spoke teamed up with 
Mapicc
 to continue his quest to destroy exploited items, contained in a number of vaults made by Roshambo. They successfully destroyed several vaults of exploited items, destroying the houses of Squiddo and 
Jepexx
 in the process, before Ro trapped himself and Spoke in the End. Spoke followed him to his End base, where he revealed that there were no more exploited items. Spoke escaped and realized that the final vault was the first one he'd visited and found nothing at. He and Mapicc return and destroy the items there.

Spoke sent Parrot on a quest for the server's 'greatest secret', and Parrot recruited his friend 
Wifies
 to help. They made it through many trials, including an explosive cave, being trapped in the void, a giant ice parkour challenge, a maze of obsidian, an underwater scavenger hunt, and a giant escape room. During this time, they came into conflict with Wemmbu and 
PrinceZam
, who also wanted to find Spoke to kill him. Finally, they met Spoke in-person and completed the final trial, where Spoke revealed that one of them would have to chunkban themselves for the other to learn the secret. Wifies chunkbanned himself, and Spoke revealed the secret was fake all along, and he only wanted revenge against Parrot for an unknown thing. Wemmbu and Zam then arrived, and after a long chase Spoke chunkbanned himself to avoid being killed.

During the scavenger hunt, Spoke's henchmen blew up part of the 
Zam Empire
, so Wemmbu teamed up with Zam to ban Spoke. Using arrows left behind from the battle, they went around the server chunkbanning Spoke's henchmen one by one (including Squiddo, 
JumperWho
, 
Derapchu
, and 
Fantst
), although Spoke was nearly able to kill Zam through an ambush. Spoke invisibly forced Wemmbu and Zam to complete some of the same trials as Parrot and Wifies had been through. Eventually, Wemmbu fought Spoke at Squiddo's old base, but Spoke escaped via stasis. They were able to use arrows he fired to track him down, though, leading to his chunkban.

Zam Empire Conflict

After Wifies got chunkbanned, Parrot decided to break him out from the prison constructed by Zam, with help from 
Rekrap2
. After some initial difficulties, they were able to free Derapchu from another one of the chunkbans, and later on Fantst as well, though Fantst later chunkbanned himself because he was afraid of dying. As the prisons fell, the guards were moved to the prison containing both Wifies and Spoke, making freeing Jumper very easy. They were able to chunkban all six guards at the final prison, and Parrot recruited 
Kenadian
 to help him break in. After much difficulty, they successfully freed Wifies, however Spoke escaped as well. For that, Zam hired 
ClownPierce
 to kill him.

As a favor for helping to ban Spoke, Zam requested Wemmbu build a colony of the 
Zam Empire
 to protect a secret vault. Wemmbu recruited his friend 
Eggchan
 to help, but they were attacked by 
FlameFrags
, who'd betrayed the Empire. They got 
Horace Altman
 to build up 
their colony
, and also briefly met Parrot, learning that Clown was hunting him. Zam left 
ManePear
 and 
Merffinn
 to guard the colony, but Wemmbu learned that they were sabotaging the colony's defenses. Wemmbu and Eggchan freed Fantst from his chunkban, also acquiring a large amount of resources from Parrot's prison team. Parrot later returned to the colony, and it was revealed that Zam had hired Clown and likely betrayed Wemmbu. Flame and several others (including an invisible Clown) showed up to fight, and Flame nearly killed Wemmbu in the end, but stopped when Zam arrived. Zam and his guards then blew up the colony.

Meanwhile, Parrot and Wifies were being hunted by Clown, though neither knew why. During one fight, they were saved by 
Leow0ok
, Jumper, Derapchu, and 
Woogiex
, who then set up a vault with the intent of luring Clown in. Clown showed up with 
Mugm
 and 
FerreMC
, and the trap failed, though Parrot and Wifies escaped. They set up a chunkban at Clown's base, but that failed, and in retaliation Clown blew up Leo's base. Parrot left the Clown hunters and joined up with Wemmbu, helping to repel the attack, but left and returned to the Clown hunters after. They decided to kidnap 
BranzyCraft
, a friend of Clown's, but Ferre kidnapped Wifies, forcing Parrot to free Branzy. Disheartened, he ran away, but Clown forced Wifies to reveal Parrot's coords. Parrot and Wifies went to Wemmbu's Civilization, but found it destroyed. Angered, Parrot returned to the Clown hunters, and they blew up Clown's castle. Parrot decided to 1v1 Clown the following day, and planned to set up a trap as well as kill Branzy. However, Wifies was able to talk him down from killing Branzy, and Parrot instead just visited to talk to him about Clown. The day of the 1v1, Parrot activated the trap and Clown vanished. He and Wifies went to tell the Clown hunters, but found them gone with a sign left from Clown. Confused, they returned to spawn, and Parrot found a book waiting in his old base.

Since they had no resources, Wemmbu and Egg decided to become base-destroyers for hire. Roshambo was their first customer, paying them to destroy Spoke's End base, which they successfully completed. Woogie was the second, hiring them to destroy Ferre's. They had much more difficulty there, but were able to succeed, acquiring a lot of resources between stealing and Woogie's payment. ManePear, a sympathetic Zam guard, secretly gave them coords to a team called the Treasure Hunters. 
Boosfer
, a Treasure Hunter, hired them to destroy an entire biome. Egg had IRL stuff, but Wemmbu’a destruction was interrupted by Parrot and Wifies, who explained that the Treasure Hunters were actually the villains. Wemmbu received his payment, then they built an orbital strike cannon and destroyed the Treasure Hunters’ base, raising their vault. Wemmbu returned to Egg, and together they blew up the statue of Zam at spawn, officially initiating war.

In order to find Clown, Parrot and Wifies were forced to complete a number of challenges, each one tied to a prized possession of the missing players. They came into conflict with 
Kierrrr
 and 
Its Dev
 (minions of Boosfer) multiple times, culminating in them threatening to blow up Rekrap's base. Parrot and Wifies were able to stop Wemmbu from destroying the base, then resumed their quest. Kier and Dev stole all of the items they'd gathered so far, and so the two plus Wemmbu destroyed their base in revenge. The two then obtained the last items before being met with Clown himself, who revealed the seventh and final item was Parrot's prized spyglass. Parrot gave it up, and Clown forced them to remove their armor before taking them to his inescapable prison, Proton.

Wemmbu and some hired minions attack the Zam Empire, and Wemmbu nearly kills Zam, but is forced to flee due to his guards. He later returns and helps ManePear, who wanted to betray, get away, where Mane reveals that Zam is planning to attack Roshambo's civilization. Wemmbu heads there and manages to stall long enough for Ro's people to escape, then escapes himself. They decide to go after the top people of the Zam Empire, and successfully manage to capture 
Yungwillx
, 
Peentar
, and 
Sorhin
 through traps and blackmail. However, Zam and his guards arrived, freed them, and after a long fight successfully forced Wemmbu and Mane to surrender while capturing Egg. Wemmbu and Mane escaped, and Wemmbu considered giving up, but managed to create and enact a plan to save Egg and unleash his orbital strike cannon. The Zam Empire gets blown up and Zam and Wemmbu duel, ending with Zam finally apologizing for his actions. ClownPierce suddenly shows up and kidnaps them both.

The Experiment

Wemmbu, Zam, Egg, and 
Pangi
 all get dropped into Proton by Clown. They split into two groups, gathering gear and occasionally fighting. Clown sends in Ferre, forcing them to work together to survive. Pangi attempts to enter the Nether and gets chunkbanned, forcing Zam to agree to work with Wemmbu and Egg. They gather gunpowder for an ender pearl cannon, but Clown uses an orbital strike cannon on Zam’s base, which he blames and nearly kills Wemmbu for. Clown sends in Ferre again, forcing the three back together to fight him using TNT minecarts, which Ferre realizes is a weakness of the prison. They beat Ferre, and then Clown sends in a bunch of people, most of whom Zam recruits. Wemmbu gets Kenadian’s help to design a pearl cannon, and they fight Zam’s people, but Wemmbu reminds Zam that Clown won’t let either of them die, and he leaves them alone. Clown teleports all the newcomers out, and Wemmbu finishes the cannon as guards come in. Egg stays behind due to having no pearl, while Wemmbu successfully escapes.

Parrot and Wifies get switched between cells in the redesigned Proton, each meeting all five of the captured players. Parrot devises a method to communicate between cells (maps), and gets visited by Leo, who requests they build a stasis chamber for Wemmbu to sneak in contraband items. Parrot and the other inmates gather materials (using wandering traders to get saplings to get beehives for honey) while trying to hide from the guards, who are starting to catch on. Kenadian wants to stay, however. Jumper gets put in solitary confinement. They construct a stasis for Wemmbu, which Kenadian nearly sabotages, but Parrot convinces him not to. Wemmbu gets in and gears them up, then goes to find Eggchan, who's still trapped somewhere. The others head to the guard HQ and let Jumper out, then start destroying chunkbans to escape. The last one is unbreakable, forcing them to elytra-pearl past it, but they have one elytra too few, so Kenadian gives his up to Parrot, letting him escape. Once they're out, he sends them a message through the maps, and they go to his base and pull his secret stasis, freeing him too.

Zam and Wemmbu are trapped in an escape room together. After making it through some stages, Zam leaves Wemmbu behind, forcing 
Wato1876
, the designer, to save him. Wemmbu proceeds through the escape room with Wato's guidance, and eventually reunites with Zam after Wato leaves. Wemmbu obtains a mace, which they use to solve several more challenges, getting armor and gear along the way. Eventually, they escape into the End dimension, where Clown is waiting. He demands the mace. Zam escapes, but Clown respawns the dragon and starts fighting Wemmbu. Eventually, Wemmbu is forced to drop the mace. Clown leaves and Wemmbu escapes.

Episodes in this Arc

Thumbnail

Title

Uploader

Link

 
 
 
 
 

How to Destroy the Universe

Spoke

https://youtu.be/wG9dbWNsems

 
 
 
 
 

This Button Destroys the World

Parrot

https://youtu.be/soYelcGVPac

 
 
 
 
 

Breaking Into Minecraft's Most Illegal Vault

Wemmbu

https://youtu.be/s4Qm81fKfyk

 
 
 
 
 
 

How I Stole 10,356,000 Duped Items

Spoke

https://youtu.be/E5jfdzB6RnY

 
 
 
 
 
 

I Uncovered Minecraft's Greatest Secret

Parrot

https://youtu.be/J0Jj6A72OoE

 
 
 
 
 
 

It's Impossible to Catch this Player

Wemmbu

https://youtu.be/o8ocybrrdfw

 
 
 
 
 
 

I Broke into Minecraft's Most Secure Prison

ParrotX2

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dtNsa-MGs8

 
 
 
 
 
 

I Created Minecraft's Greatest Civilization

Wemmbu

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbTIN42an0o

 
 
 
 
 
 

I Got Hunted by Minecraft's Deadliest Players

ParrotX2

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VSI12NnAnAY

 
 
 
 
 
 

Why I Destroyed the Unstable SMP

Wemmbu

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qc8ZF2KyeQ

 
 
 
 
 
 

It's Impossible to Find this Player

ParrotX2

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ybh0HAC88MA

 
 
 
 
 
 

Unstable SMP: The PrinceZam Empire War

Wemmbu

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3N712OoF_FY

 
 
 
 
 
 

How I Escaped Minecraft's Largest Prison

Wemmbu

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=76GgWa0Lb-E

 
 
 
 
 
 

Escaping Proton: Minecraft's Most Secure Prison

ParrotX2

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olL0XFoPRZk

 
 
 
 
 
 

How I Solved Minecraft's Largest Escape Room

Wemmbu

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAzylenTscQ

Related Episodes

Thumbnail

Title

Uploader

Link

I Bankrupted Minecraft's Richest Civilization

Spoke

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KyLqZkfv3BU

 
 
 
 
 
 

I Built Minecraft's Safest Civilization

ParrotX2

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93n-NH9mEL8

 
 
 
 
 
 

I Discovered a Minecraft Sky Civilization

Wemmbu

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=haxHwlvEN5g

The Search for Minecraft's Far Lands

ParrotX2

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_zCM4ueMAY

 
 
 
 
 
 

I Infiltrated The Minecraft Mafia

Spoke

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ss5ggp8Ij14

 
 
 
 
 
 

I Mastered Minecraft Combat

Wemmbu

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPExvQkv_iI

 
 
 
 
 
 

I Created Minecraft's Greatest Empire

Wemmbu

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-LyPLUoX-o

 
 
 
 
 
 

SOLO Player VS Minecraft Bounty Hunters

FlameFrags

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-WtYNyJlGbI

 
 
 
 
 
 

I Explored Beyond the Minecraft Farlands

Wemmbu

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2LjQWaKZek